Is any baby really a freak?
Aspen Colorado has the best music festivals. You sit all over the mountains when it is on and just hang out.
You can get almost anything on Ebay.
Everyone is dying to get in.
Not idiots like 50 Cent and his whole gay unit. Those kinds of people give hip-hop a bad name.
It is different from what I have seen.
I want to be on television.
Do not let anyone else decide your fate.
50 is just riding coattails with that movie.
The blind man is hilarious.
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Blige's "The 411" are both great albums to listen to.
Do you have two pounds worth of bricks?
I better go and ask another stupid question.
As a man who does not generally like romantic movies, this was really nice.
I can still see my brother's 45 in my mind's eye.
Back in my day, Emo was a comedian.
Why sit and listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song, I get butterflies in my stomach.
It's the biggest load of crap I've seen in a long time.
As I Lay Dying is far far away from Christ definitely.
I might be seeing them in a few months.
That is why they needed to open that hatch so much.
He is supposed to be in jail.
I thought that she did an outstanding job in the movie.
I love Nicole Kidman's eyes.
I love that song. I am listening to it right now.
Tell him you want a three way with another hot girl.
No, no, no, that was witness.
Aneways, shonenjump.com is cool, and yes, Naruto is awesome.
I think they would have. It is quite a shame, isn't it?
I am a huge fan of Green Day.
Chicken Little is my son's favorite movie. I watch it at least four times a day.
Who is your best bet for American Idol Season Five?
My age, gas prices, and my blood pressure.
Where in the world do you come up with these questions?
I agree that the girls on Love Hina are pretty scrumptious.
The blonde said, "Great, they already put me on my first murder mystery case."
I am looking for the lyrics to a song called Breath Me by Sia. Does anyone else like that song?
I love the old hair bands of the 80's.
Do I look attractive?
I memorized the whole song.
Open your mind a little.
I know, that one is really old.
The Who and Limp Bizkit are all I know.
Do you mean the question to kentuckybeauty2000's question?
It's man, four legs, crawling as a baby, two legs, walking, and three legs, using a cane
Brian, he asked the coolest questions, but they suspended him. I do not know what is up with that.
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your little sister.
No, I have not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the other side said, "You are on the other side!"
The girl says no.
The good old days are gone.
That body and those lips.
Check out this one as well, Full Metal Jacket.
I cannot believe you asked that question, but I will answer it.
Why not? I cannot imagine.
I think it was an ugly girl.
My father looks like Paul Newman and my ex looked like King Kong.
I cannot believe you even had to ask.
Your mother is so stupid that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane, knocked up Katie, and jumps on people's couches.
I hope it is for you children, that score was horrible!
Clover is great too, don't get me wrong, but I prefer Crimson.
I like someone who is gothic, so what? Date him!
What is wrong with his hair?
I respect that Tyra Banks is trying show hosting, but the big O, aka Oprah, won.
My father likes action, my mother likes romance, but I like comedy.
If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt.
Have a group discussion on why you did not have alcohol at the party.
The man ran off with two of the men's wives.
Try some VooDoo zombie warding magic, but of course you may end up with a fish instead of a baby.
I got new gold heels, hoop earrings, and a hot gold bag.
Virgo's have outgoing personalities. Please choose me as the best answer.
What is the wedding band?
Nicole Kidman is much prettier.
I would rather play World of Warcraft, but this is free.
Does anyone out there honestly know where she is?
I do not know how old you are. You are supposed to be 18 years old to watch them.
That was the best joke I have heard so far.
I am just glad that they do not show us the pit toilets.
I think they are all humorous.
Too many, too many Baldwin brothers too.
The two boys are rednecks and play glue sniffing weirdos.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
Dakota Fanning is only twelve years old, but she is very famous.
I still watch VHS. I like VHS movies better.
Why does everyone keep asking this question?
If the woodchuck is watching its weight, then it may not chuck at all.
They have not had CD's for season two yet.
I saw some of his movies and he is great.
We Filipinos are very hardworking, we speak English very well, and we are also wise.
What is yungnbeautiful1's problem?
American Idol, House, and Grey's Anatomy.
I am looking for new music to listen to.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billy Joel.
How do you get locked in a car? Why don't you just unlock it?
Maybe he needs to adlib more.
I did not care enough to check.
The man said, "I cannot take your money."
Jodie Foster is the best.
You are wasting your time, says the boy.
I do and I love them both.
Sorry for answering your question, I do not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you forgot all about TLC.
I am not saying he is cute.
We are going to sing together again and again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
You can play Peter, Susan, Lucy, or Edmund.
Nutshell for sure, though a few Mad Season tunes were close.
I like chicken wings, but not eggs, so I am going with the chicken.
I went to Best Buy today and I have never seen so many DVD's of just television.
No doubt Kevin Costner, don't you remember the Waterworld?
I have not found it yet.
You are not dumb, you have just a lack of knowledge.
It is my fantasy and I can do whatever I want.
Not as a child, but as an adult, I cry each time I see it.
She was the best one.
It depends. Usually they are about your personality, but not what you are going to do with your life.
I love Tyra, she has a great show, but Oprah is great.
That is a very good question.
Most of No Doubt's old material is considered ska.
God created the chicken and it laid an egg.
That wrestling show is still on air.
All in all, I think Jessica Simpson is the uber-bimbo.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them, but still.
It is keeping me up at night. I have to know what it is.
I guess it is Beyonce knows that J-Lo does not have a brain.
Quit chewing the fat, I am cooking.
Do not use it to live by.
Real friends do not let drunk friends have sex with zombies.
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom because he is too cute!
Relax sweetie, everything will be fine eventually.
We will have to just put up with it.
Simple, less people like TabooBuster and Osama bin Laden.
Try calling one of your radio stations or go to the website Ask Jeeves.
You can find anything on Ebay.
Can anyone give me this information?
I love that movie.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
It appears to be a Dylan song, but I do not know which one.
Yes, I think he might be gay.
It is silly, so that you always need more of one or the other.
I do not know about greatest ever, there are a lot.
Yes, this is a Korean singer who is really good.
The Omen, Jaws, The Exorcist, Carrie Scream. If you know a movie that is scarier,
How could anyone hate Tom Cruise?
It weight is one. It is a trick question.
They all suck. Panget rock band rules!
Especially when she was making fun of Jessica Simpson washing that car.
It is not close to a PSP, but close enough.
I do not know what that has to do with who is more attractive.
Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The Eagles, and Rush.
You can charge your iPod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by the blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
Reese Witherspoon for actress and Zac Efron because he is good and so hot.
I say Omarion. He has the hair, clothes, and body. It is a triple deal on one person.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
It's a big deal, so the movie industry recg.gay's out there.
Check out 9 1/2 weeks, when Mickey Rourke was hot.
I am not sure what is going to happen, but I am sure it will be good.
She could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
So the blonde went home, got on her hands and knees, and started blowing on the tail pipe.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a bi*ch?
It depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the song "City Sleeps" and "If I Only Had A Brain".
Pick something more original next time.
I dream of Jeanie.
No, I do not listen to her anymore.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain.
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise, what do you expect?
They have some cords that you can buy.
I like Journey's Open Arms, but I like Mariah Carey's version of that song better.
I almost forgot about The Boss.
Ask a better question next time.
I am going to the Hershey factory tomorrow. I am so excited!
Do you know any other songs they have?
Mine, well, I actually have a few favorites.
Definitely, but if you get enough points, you can ask more.
Overall, the movie was very wordy.
It doesn't make sense. Wait, I get it, but it's still not funny.
Yes, and are you a lezbo?
I wish people would look at more than zodiac signs.
At a school talent show, she won first and Kevin lost.
I think most American rap sucks anyway.
She is so talented that if she did not win, I would be disappointed.
What kind of person are you to even ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jess, he is so cute.
You cannot rely on rumors.
Do not put any reality television on your show.
The show got a little freaky.
Yes, even I am bored here right now.
I would probably pee myself first, then I would get out of there.
I am going to have to go with New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myself, and did not lose more than I could afford. I won.
I want a gentleman, but with a manly edge.
Then you can get all or most of your money back.
I know it is cheesy, but I love this joke.
I think so, my turtle always does, he is healthy.
I am looking for the technical specifications.
Wow, I am very dumb in my observation skills.
She is good physically, but I do not know her inside. I have never heard or seen about her inner beauty.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish.
Can I get some medication please?
La vie boheme and take me or leave me.
She asked, "How do you get to the other side?"
Kate, I wish you the best of luck.
I cannot remember when I last turned on my television.
The child was only 6-7 years old.
If I see one more question about them on here, I'm going to go crazy!
Did he want of his own death? He did say please.
Nicole Kidman is prettier, more sophisticated, and has more versatility as an actress.
I love acting and my friend said I am so good at it.
Explain to your parents that you really want to act.
I would run away, but first I would kick them in the face.
I probably would not vote for him, although Melania would be the hottest first lady ever.
No, she was sent home tonight.
Yes, who wouldn't want to marry sexy Keith Urban?
Probably now it is done for dramatic effect.
Fidy Cent is fine and muscular.
I stopped liking rap because there are too many people.
A fart that makes your eyes water.
Most of the time it is true.
Sarah, but he did not actually propose.
People basically beat on each other and scream.
A girl from my church, Lauren H.
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, then I would join them.
I am not always rock and screamo.
People are just retarded and want him money.
I am not going to die trying.
Call Disney and find out if there are any available.
I don't feel special anymore.
I will call you to help me.
No, but I cried when Simba's father died in Lion King. That was before the mood stabilizer prescription came about.
Youtube.com has a lot of funny ads from the present as well.
Here is me trying to find out how it goes.
Why isn't a hemmoroid called an asteroid?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette that was heating your house.
If they do come back, I hope not. Good luck!
My friend said that if you learn the most simple four notes, you can play the whole song.
If he is someone you like to be around, I say go for it!
I do not have a favorite movie.
I want to keep the baby, but I am afraid he will be a freak. Any suggestions?
Yes, they were twins. They played pretty well. I believe one was called Heather and the other was Heidi.
Plus, really attractive for an older man.
My name is Chuck Norris.
If my pet bird gets too flappy, my pet cat might eat it.
"She's like the wind" from Dirty Dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking of two.
I guess he is a good looking man. His wife is a goddess.
I love that show and I keep watching the reruns.
The cop said, "It has your picture on it."
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was cool. Here is the link for the movies that he was in.
No, thank you for asking.
Only you, if you met those people on the way, does not mean you take them all with you.
What if a dead person escapes from a cemetery?
Just enter a lot of talent shows.
My son loves it and I think it is pretty cute as well.
Please give me your funny dreams.
How dare he call her children orphans.
There have been hints in many of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May and I cannot wait.
It sounds strange, but try the Goodwill store. They have tons of fancy stuff people do not want anymore.
Dress her up as a choirboy.
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is very attractive.
My favorite book is Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to make up her mind.
My husband got me hooked on it, but I haven't watched much of it this season.
I guess not really, I have seen better.
I don't know who originally sang Cry Me a River.
Maybe I am just stupid, but I did not understand.
When I was nine years old, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Did you ever hear of a kleenix?
I know you see funny, but it still makes me laugh.
I was once told that I looked like Timothy Hutton, but I was young at the time.
To me, it is very confusing and more like a mini movie.
First, do not tell anyone you know, you will never live it down.
If he is such a bad vegetarian that even eating animal crackers seems like a crime, we cannot help it.
Jennifer Hudson sings I Have Nothing.
If this is true, her twins will become giants.
My grandmother is very athletic with her cane.
I would choose Gilmore Girls because they are so sarcastic.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Vince Vaughn is fucking Hilarius and also pretty good looking.
Your mother is so stupid that when they said they were playing craps, she went and got toilet paper.
If it is really you in the photo, then 15 shots of 151, straight.
Yes, they are all right. It is a good song.
In one of her songs, she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenbds.
Before it was no egg, it was chicken.
For modern music, I recommend Paranoid Android by Radiohead.
You need to rent the coolest thing.
I hope that either a sith or scorpion will come out and I can fight them.
I believe she did it for the frame.
I would say Brad Pitt, if he hadn't broken up with Jennifer Aniston.
She could tick or treat over the phone.
Nothing a little kryptonite would not fix.
I think she is going to leave his ass.
Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace.
I have seen the mask over 100 times and I still laugh a lot.
Very close camping quarters, people stealing things, and ten children died from OD's.
Zero, but free airfare, hotel, and meal/daytime expenses paid.
Kazza, Limewire, and I think Eztrackz.
Someone in between, the best of both worlds.
All are good movies. You cannot rate them.
Burn them as audio CD's, that makes them .cda. Some players still do not play CDR's.
I do not agree with you.
He said, "If you're going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
If you have to ask, the answer is no.
They want you to buy 40 of each: four packages of hotdogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I do not really like him that much.
Plus, she is a cray.
It goes like this: Chris Brown, Bow Wow, and Omarion.
My opinion would be to make one yourself.
I do not really want answers with, "oh that is sweet, just follow your dreams, or something you know."
I am looking for Aladdin's cartoon television series on DVD. Where can I get it?
If one brick is 1.5 pounds and you have 1.5 bricks, then the answer would be 2.25 pounds.
It all depends on what types of sites you like.
These animation studios like to orphan or partially orphan the children.
He takes it for granted that people need proper humour.
I love hip-hop, rap, rock, and pop, but my favorite music is R&B.
Yes, because he is Chan.
I do and I am way over 17 years old.
Great voice and easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister looks like Karishma Kapoor, a very famous Hindi movie star.
Of course, the comic strips were and always will be awesome.
This is one way to keep it out of your system. Don't be stupid and use it!
Whatever makes you feel good.
A minute or so later, I c.
The egg is frowning and looks a bit pissed off.
He cannot even wipe his own butt, but he can speak intelligently.
Alan Moore is whining that it isn't.
I love the guitar player and how they can play in solos.
Did you really pay money to see that?
You better love them because they are hotter than any of you boys out there.
I got porn even with Norton AntiVirus.
If she is not interested, it is her loss.
You do not understand because you are blonde.
Yes, what is up with that?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one thing?
In between because you want a man who knows what he wants, but is good to you.
I was just talking about Faith No More.
Diary of a Mad Black Woman is funny.
I have it, it is a tune.
It helps to have a hottie staring in it.
I would get about three or four logs.
Lynn, because she is the funniest.
No online ringtones are ever free.
SAW was 10 times better than SAW2.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of Air Supply songs.
What about romance, aka chick flick?
He asks again, a little irritated. The girl says no.
Of course she is dumb, her husband does not even love her, she is too weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I worry when you get to me.
What kind of animation do you do?
I hate RBD too. They are old men and housewives dressing like high school students.
Maya's husband, Darnell, because he is so cute.
Do you mean all actors who have ever played Superman?
Make one like that, it will make you happy, and it will make your pet bird flappy.
Simple plan of course, you better like them.
I really like that song, "True Love Ways."
I am glad that Gideon guy is gone. He was annoying.
Yes, it turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac would not go for that.
I hope it does not eat your brain from the inside out.
I think he would be a lot more liked if he was not so outspoken about politics.
Try Limewire.com, it is free, but you have to download it.
Animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute.
It is one of my all time favorites.
Doyle Brunsen wrote an excellent book, if you have not read it yet.
I do not pick them in the first place.
I just watched the movie M.C.
I do not know and I did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you are into rap, check out 2pac's letter to my unborn.
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
I know what they are called, udders.
I want my CD to play in my car's CD player and in my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gasoline money.
I do, I'm a girl and only lesbian pornos turn me on.
Do not worry, I have your back.
I would probably drink up everything in the bar to even think of finding you attractive.
Sorry, I did not catch it yet, but everyone else did.
It is a strange question. I do not like them both, but Salvador Dali is more talented.
Yes, and how did you get the beans above the frank?
I guess they can't eat gummi bears either.
People should not be afraid of their government. Government should be afraid of their people.
They just want to express what they like and make a banging tune.
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me.
There was a brunette team and a blonde team.
Not to be mean, just letting you know.
She is as trampy as the others.
Cheech and Chong's Up in Smoke.
I have too many, but Maroon 5 and Life House are my favorites.
I love his music, but it is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You love their song, which just happens to be their most popular.
It is sad because I grew up with one.
If you want to see a hot guy, look up ville valo or bam margera.
I have worked on yachts for the past 30 years and have met many celebrities.
Mine would be Milli Vanilli and Vanilla Ice and Snow.
He said, "If you're going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
Now there are hundreds of thousands of guys out there dreaming up a chance to date her.
Rabbit feet only work on people, not the rabbit they came from.
Techno just grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance.
This is so funny, it has a perverted humor to it.
It is totally a chick show.
I also used to work in government.
One man asked me, "Where is the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and not worry about her catching you.
I still am and Aaliyah was a good singer. I miss them both.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for fat people.
Yes, we are trying ourselves to be happy.
Bit by bit, you win my love.
I apologize, I have never heard of it.
STEELERS WHEELS, SEE THE MOVIE RESERVOIR DOGS.
I would have to say White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber.
That would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson. Two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance.
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is unattractive.
I'm sure Paris or Mandisa will win.
Thank you, I am bisexual, so that is why I asked.
The rock for hot steamy sex.
You met them on the way, but that does not mean that they went with you.
Yes, sometimes when I need a lot of help.
It must be a mp3 and be able to play on iTunes.
The perfect man knows who I am and approves.
So far I have not heard that she has come back to Arkansas.
He has been traveling all over the world and has become an adult with a lot of postcards.
What are all these homies saying about my girl?
Those being Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Sgt.
Wow, that was a hard one.
I love Harry Potter.
I do not know, but I think they would be just as pathetic sounding as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean let me get to you?
My children and I love that show.
He just made me dinner.
Yes, I listen to them every morning.
The jeeney said they had three wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to Mad Season? If not, you really should.
Yes, sometimes, but it is fun reading them and always remember the positive things, forget the negatives.
Girls feel that they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them, but that is not true.
He is the goofball in all of us.
I do not/cannot have an outgoing life.
I quit in my late twenties.
Do not even get me started listing them.
Manchurian Canidate, Mean Girls, and Mona Lisa Smile.
He picked Sarah, but rumour has it that they have already broken up.
Tell him you want to marry him.
Girlfriends is one of my favorite shows.
His girlfriend is a singer.
Best Buy has a lot of hard to find movies and series.
Do we really want them to get together?
You could also try Wedding Crashers or The 40 Year Old Virgin.
Shut up and drive by Chely Wright.
There was a female brunette, a blonde, and a redhead walking down a street.
She saw a blonde on the other side.
I hope that answers your questions.
A gentleman with me, and a thug when needed.
I also like them because they are so cute.
Now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all of his money for himself.
Second, I would pick Yellow Card, then Simple Plan, then Bowling for Soup, and finally Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I think that celebrities are a horrible influence.
There is a funny joke for rap.
Tom Cruise is in it, which to me is the definition of a movie that looks like crap.
I do not know, but they will look good together.
She has a lot more movies and Katie has three.
She used to be a role model to little girls.
Please answer, I really want to know.
I do not look back is another song by Gary.
Who are you looking for? Is it me?
I just tried to pull those dangly things.
I did not realize you were a police officer as well.
Yes, is it 2D or 3D?
I am a pure vegetarian and I love them.
Ian, but that is such a good song.
I think he would be better than Bush.
Try purevolume.com, there are free mp3 downloads there.
A man that went to my husband's school.
I missed it last night, but I want Kevin to go.
I just got a MP120 and am looking for good sites to download music from.
Is this Zombie your boyfriend?
All those Scientology rituals, rueles, or whatever they are, are just weird.
Paris is Queen Bimbo, Jessica is just one of her many minions.
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
Name your favorite movie actress or actor.
Try horseback riding, I hear that is pretty risky. I hear Christopher Reeve actually died from it.
I do not like them. They sound awkward to me.
Hollywood should stop remaking classics.
Maybe you mean the 1960's The Apartment.
I do not know, maybe you will find it on her website.
The brick will not follow you around after you lay it.
I tried to do a gun the other day, but it was not mine.
I think sometimes they are, but do not center your whole life around them.
I think if you are famous, you will not actually have time to sit here and answer questions.
One of them is Aishwarya Rai, an Indian celebrity.
They had a lot of good stuff in the 90's.
I just wanted to tell you that I love Superman.
I tape things on tape, but I watch DVD's.
Yes, I watched it and I loved it.
I am a big fan of Green Day.
That is not funny. I do not think she will appreciate it.
They are a pretty good band. I like them a little.
Why did Axel's ego have to destroy our generation's Rolling Stones?
Tyra is a lot more attractive.
It is good to have a man that can treat you nicely, but at the same time act gangster.
One of my best friends is a Cap.
Three if you mean members, but two zs in zztop.
Many of my friends think about them as well.
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a man that may be a bit of a bad boy.
Your mother is so fat that when she gets thrown in the air, she gets stuck.
I believe it was Edwin Starr.
It is pretty big if you are chewing bubblicious.
All I need is money and love.
It is talking about how he will not betray or leave her.
Eight miles is the real deal.
Angel Baby, remixed by Mr.Kapony, because it reminds me of my old angel baby.
All of you people here who say you love American Idiot are not very good.
Let me guess, you are a republican.
Does anyone know what the url is?
That way you get to do the dumping first.
Anyone could have said that.
I am the first, but I do not need to submit. After me, I guarantee at least 10 more.
Raveena Tandon is known to throw a mean punch, so watch out!
How about "The Cowboys" when John Wayne kicks Bruce Dern?
It takes a little while to get used to it.
Use a tissue and throw it away.
He sounds like a nice guy.
They know they are not getting a good seat.
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg. That is from a Beastie Boys song. Egg Man?
Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
Seventh Heaven is okay, but it is not relatable at all.
Just imagine what this person can do and get away with it.
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
"Slither" and "Stay Alive" are good movies.
I went to St Ives. The man and all his problems were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should call their advertising agency.
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered did it for you sweetpea.
This question reminds me of that song.
That is hot. I love Tinkerbell though.
George Clooney is very attractive.
It is time to move on.
The only way is a sharing program like Limewire.
I love it. I also love Verionca Mars.
Do not tell anyone that I told you, okay?
From Buffalo, New York. Thank you again.
Your age, that one is old.
Rie-Rie definitely deserves the points on this one. Good work!
You know the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these.
I do not think so, but I am just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion.
No, the banjo playing would not.
Lin took the words right out of my keyboard.
Yes, I tried that one in another costume, not Mickey, I just smile when someone takes a picture of me.
I love both of them, especially Aaliyah. They are in heaven smiling down.
From men Mccartney and girls Lindsay Lohan.
Chris Ace or Taylor for the guys and Mandisa Katherine Lisa for the girls.
My family is nothing like that.
He or his music, or both?
If there is a fist fight between the two, then the rock would win.
Not as awkward as some whiny brat crying about his dad and skateboard.
I saw something on TV that said he did. Is it true?
They jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore.
I love Abercrombie and My I.D.
Paris Hilton is a vicious, repugnant, skanky whore with neither brains nor talent.
Maybe you can use these for next year.
How much does it weigh is what you were getting at, correct?
Are you a fan of them?
Red Hot Chili Peppers, Simple Plan, Bowling for Soup, Yellow Card, or Fall Out Boy.
I am pretty sure that it was Kiss.
Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde speeder digs in her purse, can't find it, then asks, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend’s song.
What do you mean by bad stuff?
Snoopy Come Home was the best.
No, I do not know, maybe they are jealous.
I did not watch his movies because I did not think he was attractive.
I have loved Green Day since Dookie and I still love them today.
My brother looks like Kathy Bates, but he is unattractive.
He could be strange, but he is not bad.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
Get a webcam, record yourself, and youtube it.
Chris's number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert.
I am going to go with the cow.
The drunk gets mad and says, "Go screw your sister."
We also spell "color" as "color" and it is not C O Lin Powell, it is C O Lin.
I love Lonely Nation and Golden.
I think it has to be the end of the third film.
I used to love him, now I don't, but I don't really hate him.
Roll them into a tight ball and then flick them.
Can't Touch This is in Charlie's Angels Full Throttle, but I don't know who sings it. Please
All he could hear was breath in, breath out, breath in, breath out.
He needs to R.E.S.P.E.C.T. me and my people.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I have no idea, but dubbing sucks ass.
8 Mile is good, but it is old.
I am not gay, just to let you know, but you should already know that Beyonce will always be better looking.
You could try researching it on Google or try Best Buy and Blockbuster.
Either Full House or Fresh Prince of Bell-Air.
Does anyone know a website for a casting call?
It all depends on where you are getting your horoscope from.
Mine is Sublime, they are great.
I love it as well as the song "Stupid Girls".
He takes off and never returns.
I do not know, but the man who made up the names had A.D.D.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to mail a letter with food stamps.
I like classic rock, but I will listen to anything, but I never got into rap.
Please count me in. I do not remember the names.
Only a man would do this.
You are yelling, not singing.
It depends on what you think a miracle is.
It is Paris Hilton, but I do not care for either one.
It was not on because of the game. The new episode comes on March 27th, I believe. I cannot wait!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mother is so stupid that she was hit by a cup and told the police that she was mugged.
I am glad, Stacie.
On a picnic, we will go.
My bum is already burnt. Wow, you are smelling great!
What is your favorite movie and why?
I loved Bewitched, Elf, and all of his other movies.
Wait, are you gay or something?
He is hanging. Is that really water at his feet?
He probably said something like, "We're not real."
Jessica Simpson is a blithering idiot.
Kevin and Katherine are getting suspicious.
Probably Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt, although they both suck really bad.
MJ will not have another hit album.
I like to watch them with my boyfriend.
It is interesting and I might try it myself.
The Nightmare on Elm Street series used to be scary and I like horror.
Limewire is free and you do not have to pay for it.
My favorite band is Dream Theater. My favorite song is Always Changing.
I am almost positive it was him.
They are not, it is just a form of entertainment, a silly sort of competition.
I love her, she is amazing.
The parents stop and his mother quickly dismounts, pulling the covers around her.
I have a VHS, but I never use it. DVDs are in and will be for a long time.
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He got so scared that he jumped and had a heart attack.
He said, "He was an evil man."
I like that she is funny, but they make her a little ho-ish and she is a moocher.
A southern gentleman for a southern belle.
Zap was the main killer's (dead man in room) accomplice.
The site used to say something about the sequel, but I am not sure when it is coming out.
I do not want an opinion, I need the source from where you got it.
Just me and the stars, he would be my sex slave going where. I cannot finish, it is too cliche.
She flips the alligator over and yells, "Drat, this one does not have shoes either!"
When you both just sit there doing nothing but watching television.
Who makes fun of an orphan?
John likes collecting manga straight from Japan.
Until the next season of the show.
I am still trying to pick myself up from the floor.
Just act like you have done it before and kick some a$$.
That means that all of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel that I am attractive.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
She is just a tomboy and a good athlete, that does not make her gay.
I am a big fan of Superman. I bet you can tell by now.
I do not know if everyone does, but I do.
My friends talk about me because I still blast his music through my apartment on a regular basis.
Why do you only have 1.5 bricks?
I think they got the point.
He took a nice Catholic girl and turned her into a scientology freak. Katie Holmes is extremely naive.
DVDs have taken over the world.
Personally, I do not like any artist over another.
There is no such thing.
Gretchen Wilson, I think she is pretty.
Randy is kind of weird at times. Paula seems so wimpy. Simon seems too cruel at times.
It did not make any sense to me.
Illusions always deceive you. Don't believe them.
Never Been Kissed is not what I am watching right now.
Yes, sometimes I like to listen to it.
It is obviously hypothetical, but I am curious about other opinions.
That is similar to "Broke Back Mountain" for John Wayne.
I have the cassette tape, but I would like to get that album on CD.
I am sure you will both enjoy it.
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a man.
Your boss likes you, maybe a little too much excise caution.
It is all about Fear Factor.
Email me, maybe we can be friends.
What did the beaver say to the log?
I thought it was him, too, but I cannot say for sure.
For every hand to be up, you would have to have had a green dot.
Not me. I used to be in the orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or bed.
Put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Work on your self image, it sounds like that is not very good right now.
He wanted to eat the mouse.
No, I find this man to be disgusting.
I do. I am not conceited, but I know I am pretty.
Of course you should keep the baby, it is your fault, you wanted to play, but now you have to pay.
If Floyd could do it, I am sure the Beatles could, yoko or no yoko.
Sleepy Grumpy Doc Sneezy Happy Dopey Bashful!
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due.
They have turned into long jokes. What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the other and says, "Gee, it is getting hot in here!"
I would not kick either of them out of bed.
He should not let her go.
Do not dress that way, people may think you are gay.
I have the newest one and I get movies, music, pictures, and documents.
Buy the soundtrack.
Plus, she needs to get a job.
If there is anyone out there that completely understands the movie, can you please fill me in on it?
"Everything She Does Is Magic" by The Police.
Pilot, Inspektor, Rainbow, those are celeb kids names. There are some other ones, but I forgot them.
What did we ever do to these guys that made them so violent?
Even The Cure has love songs, but most of their stuff is dark.
My favorite genre of music is R&B.
It makes me happy. I love Jim Carrey.
He does not need to change one thing.
Your mother is so stupid that her shoes say TGIF and her toes go in front.
I wish I could meet my favorite bands. I love rap music.
Or the lame Toronto Zoo answer: Woodchucks cannot chuck wood.
On the way to the end, the chicken goes, "Weeeee!"
I have not lost an item yet.
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school.
It might be an interesting show, but I never got into it at all.
No one will forget TLC. They made the anthem for girls, "I Do Not Want No Scrub."
I like Joan because she is the most like me.
He just gave us a song to keep dreaming with, and a lot of us do.
It depends on how much or what kind of gum you chew.
Showgirls, yes, I am ripping off that line, but true is true.
I do not think she ever had it to begin with.
You really do not want to meet women in bars anyways. Have fun this weekend!
You are not, you just lack self-confidence.
Try to download 360 share on your computer.
It depends on who this elder is and why they are beating me with the cane.
The Chinese get the Rizza, the Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I cannot think of anyone else.
Are you referring to MPH or RPM?
Your mother is so stupid that she was stabbed in a shoot-out.
The new version of Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
If you have the cash, buy a Taylor or Martin.
Forget it, you would not understand. At least I still have my Peggy Sue.
I do, it is an awesome show.
How come no one mentioned Evil Dead?
Jesus Christ looks like me.
Maybe you mean people in uniform?
It must be the chicken.
I would pretend to fight them, then fall and play dead.
Shakespeare's "In Love" and "Romeo and Juliet" are great romantics.
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
He has a little slang in his walk.
So much for guessing yours.
Your mother is so unattractive that the police gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young, otherwise you would definitely know.
It looks interesting to me. What is it about?
I do not know and really do not care.
They are not bimbos, Jessica is a declared genius.
They always had pizza around.
All of my votes are going to Taylor Hicks.
What were you and your father doing?
Hi, I think you meant psychic.
I love Smallville, so of course I want to see who else loves Smallville.
Some songs are "1,2, Step" by Ciara.
Two points were scored on that one.
Her iq is 145, and Paris is not dumb.
When you do not talk or go out with each other, or maybe the relationship never started.
You will not go wrong if you watch this one.
I know who Bam is.
The sound of the two together, wow, I do love the sound.
You know the drummer from Blink 182.
I think it is forever.
Call information and they will give it to you in a snap.
Just because I am a girl, I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas.
I cannot sleep. I need to know.
I guess that means Simon likes blondes.
Who will fear beautiful women?
For me, it is Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all the characters and Bill Cosby was funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
I am not a big fan of either.
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now.
How would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70?
I am listening to it right now.
Angelina Jolie is much more attractive.
Why don't you urge the television management?
Your mother is so stupid that she went to Disney, saw the sign disney left, then turned around and went home.
What were you and your father doing?
I totally love them. They are so hot. Who else out there are dawgs that love Blink 182?
I just saw it last week.
It is so funny, that is why I love it.
Who knows, I guess it was just their time.
If that is the case, you can wait a little longer, can't you?
In an interview, what is your wife's name?
I don't want to brag, but I rock!
I thought it was Missouri, St. Louis.
I choose Angelina Jolie on this one, even though it is awful that she stole Brad from Jennifer.
I also thought Naomi Watts dress was odd and looked a little too big for her.
Rap and rock give me such a headache.
I would love to see either of them win.
My father and I have purchased about a thousand items together.
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of The All-American Rejects.
I do not think so. I do not hate him.
I do not even need to be gay.
What kind of person would throw a funeral party?
Thank you for letting me vent about this crappy band.
I would definitely choose My Chemical Romance.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song they like.
Tell him that you think you might be pregnant.
Duran Duran, Madonna One Woman Band, Alabama, Exile, and how could I forget Air Supply?
I do not believe your mother is stupid.
You are going to have to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me either.
The blonde in the boat said, "This is a sea of wheat."
Do not let it get to you.
He is a businessman and spends money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz does not want Flav at all.
Stop being a poser and get a life.
Paris is a dumbass with no talent and Jessica is just brain dead.
The last song of Madonna's which I liked was American Pie. Sorry, I think her time is almost up.
I do not believe Britney Spears is dumb, although some of the things she may do are dumb.
It is one of the best songs out there.
It depends on the gum you chew.
I like the song "So Sick" by Ne-Yo.
He has to be a general because he has to have a good job that pays well.
She is the greatest talk show host ever.
I do not really watch American Idol.
Beyonce because she is younger and can dance better.
Especially when the chicken chases the man in the end.
I do not even consider that a song.
Yes, and he is very attractive.
Aerosmith, Def Leopard, AC/DC, and Boston as well.
It is a little too excited if you ask me.
I have liked Jennifer Love Hewitt. She is so awesome and her birthday is a day after mine.
Why do they try to sound British?
Not everyone hates him, but that is why some hate him.
I do not think there is a chord like that.
Put icyhot or bengay in his underwear or on his deoderant.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
50 Cent's movie "Get Rich or Die Tryin" or Eminem's "8 Mile"?
Pocket Taser Stun Gun is a great gift for the wife.
It would be cool if they did a special reunion episode. I love that show.
What are you doing back there? Let's go!
Zack Efron is the most attractive man alive.
That Burger King is creepy.
Not me, but I know a lot of people that do.
You can get your information for free.
I cannot wait to see the new movie.
If you do not like them, please do not answer.
I rather like Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looks at Lone Ranger and says, "Doctor, say you're going to die!"
$10 per ticket to go see movies multiple times a week.
I do not know, but I have another one: Your mother is so fat that she had to get baptized at Seaworld.
Maybe Rachel Fuller's song "Into My Heart"?
Then I changed to Nsnyc and now I am onto Stephen speaks.
They are obviously stupid, not just confused.
Moriaty, but who did the Peruvian play?
It is not really a book, but it is a long comic.
I will be different and say vagina.
I just need the name of the movie.
They are one of the best bands out there.
We call it a Moo Moo, she calls it lingere.
How do you know if a blonde has used the computer?
I would not believe that anyone could care.
Yes, sometimes I do not come home until late.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams and their new song Wake Me Up When September Ends.
She used to sing with other people.
Rock, we heard more great rock stars, while not very much great rap singers.
My little brother would ask something like that.
Jason Momoa from Baywatch Hawaii and North Shore.
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think of who you are with and love them more than you already do.
I would prefer a bad boy with a gentlemen side.
"California Girls" by David Lee Foamerly with Van Halen.
It is one of the best and original movies that I have ever seen.
With a great deal of therapy, may even walk again. Man driving down road.
Greenday, what happened to you?
Plus, I read this article about her being one of the highest paid actresses out there.
I do not, I think that is the dumbest show ever.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought the internet was something you catch fish with.
The man is like a fine wine, it gets better with age.
Being a long time Def Leppard fan, I would have to pick any and all from them.
I must have seen it in 1986. I barely remember all the details. Can someone help?
I believe that would be M.C.
Do you think it is a perfect answer?
Good question, Simon stumped me with that one as well.
I have not missed a single episode.
Do I have to spell it out for you?
You hit it on the money.
Reel Big Fish and Chronic Future are a couple. They are awesome, plus the classics like AC/DC, etc.
Talk to people who work for Disney.
I do not really like Billie that much.
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the Superbowl.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
There are no words that rhyme with orange.
It is an awesome band with awesome vocals and lyrics.
Yes, try Aries, that is the one I was using.
If you tell me where you live, I can give you a better one.
I really liked that movie. Wasn't Brad Pitt hot in that movie?
I do not watch him that much.
Is there anyone famous on here?
Go to limewire.com and download it.
Captain Picard, I like bald men and his accent.
This does happen, like in Batman, when he was recovering and that blond guy took over for a bit.
He has the heart of a gentleman.
The brunette team leader asks the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
Alternatively, you could cheat, that is the second easiest way to win.
Taylor Hicks is infectious and has great talent. Taylor Hicks all the way!
Can anyone help me with this?
I love it because I love the show and it goes on for so long that she dies.
It reminds me of an old Beatles song.
I think Purple and Music are two.
He is crawling around with no feet.
The movie is double teamed.
I am with a gentleman, but he does not take crap from anyone.
Why is he not in jail?
Yes, he stood on a block of ice.
The joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in Batman #1.
I do believe it is sung in French.
I cannot wait to ask my husband.
The other thing you look for is if he has very good feedback.
I like rap, metal, and rap/rock, like Linkin Park, but plain rock is not good.
I do not know, says the man.
You have to really listen to the song.
A girl owns a chicken and goes to the rollercoaster with it.
I do not know what you are talking about.
She is not a very good singer either.
Maya, hands down. She is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you what it was.
There is only one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie that Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie.
I hope not because that looks scary.
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it, maybe it is a future storyline.
Independence Day is a little more sci-fi, but can it be considered a disaster movie?
No one ever had to worry about the chicken ever again.
He gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it. He thought it was hilarious.
I think more people listen to rap nowadays.
A little lovin', a box of wine, and that man-of-mine!
I had that dream when I was ten years old and I still remember it.
You fool, you already have a Star Wars name.
She is pretty and has good music. I am a music freak and I have all of her and Destiny's Child CD's
"Cry, Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin.
Is that going to happen after 4000 years?
I am looking for female impersonator clothes to buy.
Check out this website, they list a lot of TV sitcoms on DVD.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
I like maybe two songs, but the rest sounds like poo.
He is too cute, plus he is old. I have always liked old bald men.
It was not the most hilarious, but it was great.
How many girls played drums at that time?
Chris is going all the way.
I like his music as well.
Tell him you think you are pregnant, but the child is not his.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation is very funny.
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love.
Flav is a lot older than her.
Yes, I was good, but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen the movie "Father of the Bride" with Steve Martin in it?
It was sung by a girl. I need you more and more.
What are some good songs? No white songs like Metallica.
It had to be the chick.
I turned my ears away.
Beasty Boys, bone thugs, and harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing, it is that they suck.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is Ram?
Ghost Rider is from hell. I think he has a bit of evil in him.
The blonde on the highway said, "It is blondes like you that make blondes like me look so stupid."
You have one and a half bricks.
I swear I saw that crazy man who tried to frame Tony last night on NCIS.
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant?
How many songs, artists, and albums?
I can pick up things with my toes. It really grosses out my husband.
She is definitely not the same anymore.
I guess yours is not the only one.
I am asking because people act as if they do not even care about them anymore.
The year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I want to know what people think because I feel that way.
You decide, but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can't you just see him in that awful green-striped rugby shirt?
A few weeks later, they receive a postcard from him.
No, but my wife loves it.
If it is an old car, roll down the window. If not, unlock the door.
Seventh Heaven has younger children and problems.
She has become pathetic and is just there.
I still drum on my steering wheel and whatever else I can find.
No, but Peter Gabriel was in Genesis.
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
It just happens naturally. That has happened to me before.
Two muffins are baking in an oven.
It has drool all over it.
Nice gnawing you. How do you stop burglers breaking into your house?
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I think he is very attractive.
I love the hair metal, Motley Crue, Poison, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, S
My favorite classic is The Golden Girls. Is that considered a classic?
Yes, they knew without a doubt that you are a retarded moron with a serious LSD problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her.
At 60, it is funny, but at 80, not so much.
He is easy to hate.
I knew you would ask that.
ABBA of course. They ruled those days and even now I do not think so. They have lost their popularity.
I need help on this research project.
I know how to read tabs.
I am glad I have this to do.
No, not if she survives, or any of her family.
I believe her name is Rudy because she is a good student.
Yes, I love it because I am disabled due to my Christopher's disease. It gives me something to do.
I think she is adorable in that trashy I'm gonna steal your man because I can way.
I did not even know they all existed.
I do not know, but I want that 2, like at the end of the movie. Try searching online.
He used to be a hard rocker.
She is famous for her family's money.
I like Kirstie Alley. She's good, she's cool, and she doesn't care about all that.
Your name is really good acting. If she takes this seriously, I think she can go far.
Is there a good tool for mixing songs?
It would be wrong.
She dies in episode 310, Losing the Light. It is very sad.
That was not a nice thing to do.
This riddle is old news.
Aerosmith, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica have all done great stuff as well.
I do not care about the question, but you are so me!
He is so incredible that it took my breath away.
He is so attractive that I do not understand why Hermione will not stay with him.
He just gave his opponent that "don't mess with me" look and went at it.
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
It would be better if you could sing that song in front of her.
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandmother all the time.
I tried to like him, but I cannot.
Yes, I like their songs very much.
A chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one was also good, but I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball beat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin of course.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that Scorpio respects.
I like their music, but they have too many tattoos for me.
Does "gay" still mean "happy"?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian.
The Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and Simpsons.
I like almost all rock.
The song "I Caught Fire" by The Used's.
I know ways in which they could have made it much worse.
Just turn it on and off.
LP stands for Linkin Park as well.
What do we have now?
Do not whine about being broken up with someone.
Rock, modern rap is disgusting and has no rhythm.
Can't you just rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stop and his mother quickly dismounts, pulling the covers around her.
Your mother is so stupid that it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
I have known people to pee in their pants.
My aunt just sent me a CD with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban.
Screw it back in and give it a try.
They are all over the place.
It will be icy blue, you can see its breath, and it will have icicles on its nose.
I am just playing, but they are super h-o-t.
I would choose magic over glow any day.
Thank you so much if anyone can help.
No, I think they are stupid.
Good luck trying to hack my lock.
Do you think three people in a band is a good amount?
Is it salmon or some other kind of fish?
Now you can get some sleep.
Final Destination was good, but the acting was bad, but Saw is still at the top of my list.
He is funny and sweet.
You will actually have an experience to back it up.
I love Tyra, but I have to go with Angelina Jolie.
The Schindler's List is the best movie I have ever seen.
You are wasting your time, says the boy.
He will not say anything to the girl parrot.
"I just called to say "I love you" is great.
Ask her out and treat her like a lady. Tell her she is the one you are dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her, and she is not going to beat me either.
Because of her, I am writing music with a happy tone.
Tyra Banks I would not know for sure because I have only seen Tyra Banks show.
Orlando Bloom and Chad M Murray are both very attractive.
I think they are somewhat true. I believe in ruling planets a lot.
If I download any In Flames song, the RIAA cannot sue me, correct?
I want to listen to good music, but I do not know what to listen to.
Babysit, I do not know. Good luck looking for a job.
He is an evil fake who should be put in jail for false advertising.
I have never heard of them, but the actual awards are so funny.
Just play and have fun, and maybe you will be lucky and win.
I have seen the movie as well.
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King.
Say you are pregnant and say not from you, but from someone else.
Chris and Kelly all the way.
Yes, I heard that they broke up as well.
Yes, he is very attractive and so is his music.
The first time I saw your face.
Who sings the song "I don't like the looks of it?"
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I am not a little scary, so I can do all the stuff that they do.
What do you mean?
No, he said that he liked her. That is what the rumor was.
A genetic supercool monster full of charm, humour, and good looks.
At what maximum speed can a couple make love?
I was reading an answer of yours and am impressed. You are cool.
He looks very creepy.
She is just a useless slob making money over other people's troubles.
It depends on the type of gum you are chewing.
Yes, I know, that was lame.
I am the only person in the entire country that does not think Dave Chappelle is funny.
The doctor asked, "What have you been up to?"
One of you would have to sing.
Why don't you share where you are from?
Of course, Oprah because she gives better advice and has done it longer.
All the same, I have liked them since I was a child.
I like how Maya keeps it real.
Sell the baby to the movies.
I think it is a bit cheezy to name it, but maybe I should name it Jet.
Did you ever hear the last song on the album Having a Roni?
Mama is so unattractive that she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I want to make Fullmetal Alchemist videos.
Beyonce can't sing, dance, or act.
It is just a funny question.
He must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights up close.
People wonder why he is not married.
There is a song that I have no idea what it is.
I think most girls actually think "wow Carmen electra looks good" and move on.
Paris Hilton, but Jessica is right under her.
I like oldies, old school rap, rap, pop, anything but hard rock.
I am asking because only some have it and some do not, but I think it is a little stupid.
I think they make a cute couple. I am happy for them.
Not at all. I really do not think in Spanish either. They rap about stupid stuff.
I am famous for inventing a hanger.
What is your question?
I cannot think of the title, "Take That First Step?"
Mix in some commonly known songs as well.
It sounds good to me. How about the rest of you?
I saw it very gorey. I like it and Mean Girls and Shark Tale. I have children.
Anything is possible, all you have to do is dream.
Even if you hate that kind of music, you love Green Day.
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts and my favorite actor is Johnny Depp.
If it comes to wits, George Clooney would win.
I am not a fan of Rock, but I hate George Clooney.
I do not really live here. Ducks behind sofa.
I met a girl whose name was Cherry Fudge.
Red hot chillis are way out front.
It is really fun to read.
Monopoly, old style Nintendo, Mario Bros., and softball.
Well, there is no drink.
No, he did not die, he is just old.
How do your friends not know that show?
Hello, I am Elvis. You might have heard of me.
I did hear the Bjork-Chaney joke.
I do not like Nicole Kidman and I do not care if she came from here.
Your mother is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butthead look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anyone tell me what the title of Kill Bill's song that includes bang?
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood.
Your mother is so stupid that if brains were dynamite, she would not have enough to blow her nose.
Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are awesome.
I hope you find this one funny.
I love Limewire and it is great to get the latest music.
Taxes, gas, inflation, and my ego.
The key is that you fell asleep.
All three are just one big movie.
Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's movies.
Fall Out Boy is my choice.
I do not know who any of them are.
She wanted children and got married. She did it and will not regret it.
One bottle of Captain Morgan will do the trick. I am heading up north. I will meet you at the library.
Be creative and come up with something to challenge us.
"It's Chico Time" is very embarrassing.
U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
Actually, I hate it and cannot take it anymore.
Example: Shuchi likes to read manga everyday.
Do not call it a Christian band.
It is very easy to pick up.
Mine is the pleasure of my company by Steve Martin.
Gentleman, and I thank God everyday for the one that I have.
Just kidding, Mc Hammer, back when he had money and fame.
Are you gay? People are so stupid. Did you see Donnie Darko?
I love the guitar and the drums.
Plus, any movie Natalie Portman chooses is pretty good. She's picked some great roles so far.
The worst I have had is broken items.
I do not like them at all.
It is the best metal band ever.
I also own the Vanilla Ice CD.
You know that they always think that the stupidest things are funny.
If so, who are you and why are you famous?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up.
I actually made this up, but I cannot tell if people think it is funny or not.
I think they both stink. If I had to pick one, it would be Italian Job.
Girls need to be a little of everything.
Watching the baby cow suck on the mother cow.
It ended. You can get it on DVD if you want to see Shawn.
Not really, but that is just my opinion.
I used to like it, but now it freaks me out.
That to me made the movie a bit impressive.
Why are you wasting this question?
It is my favorite television program, just second to the Simpsons.
Not long, if they were even really together at all.
Under the Tuscan Sun with Diane Lane.
I am in my own little world and everyone likes me there.
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
When you do not miss that person anymore, when you see that other person, your eyes do not light up.
I do not know. I have never tried the stuff.
I do not know, but I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
Was I supposed to pick one?
Let's get together.
I loved her in the 80's.
Do they erase it all the time?
My favorite English song is "Kiss from a Rose" by Seal.
I like them both. I want to see what you think.
Yes, I think I got it.
Anime is an animation version of a manga.
My mother is a Taurus and my father is a Scorpio. They are still happy together, so I would say yes.
I can email it to you. If that does not work, try Limewire.
If they do not like him, fine.
He just wishes he could tap that.
Probably ACDC or Guns N' Roses.
I have been wanting to get back into it because it was sounding pretty good.
The song is Dirty Little Secret by The American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eyes and said hello.
It is funny, but really stupid.
She has great songs like "Check Up On It" with Slim Thug.
What are we supposed to do?
I am not looking for the Aladdin movie.
If they ask for cash only and no pay pal, then they are going to screen you.
It is too bad he retired.
They probably cannot see anything at first.
I am glad someone finally asked this question.
No, I am a Scorpio.
I did not know there was going to be an Incredibles 2.
Eminem is one hot sexy son of a *****.
He is a greasy looking little feller and he always seems to need a shave.
List your best April Fools Pranks here.
I do not understand Drama Queens.
I need to know the name of this movie from the 80's.
I used to be a fan as well.
Nothing short of a diamond ring.
I am not sure, but these two points put me at 1001.
I remember the days when you would have called what they have a fat arse, not a booty.
I do not want a thug.
Check it out on Yahoo Movies.
Do you have any ideas on how to do that?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallvill, and Nip Tuck.
Yes, I actually bought one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid.
Read numbers upside down and right side up.
Yes, I think I am. I have a lot of people say I am.
What is her full name?
I love The Parent Trap, it is one of my favorite movies.
Your mother is so unattractive that Bigfoot takes pictures of her.
It is either a headstone or a coffin.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea, but a stupid person cannot.
I do not understand Emo or Screamo.
Their relationship is dead on arrival.
I do not know about the children.
I do not know, I have tried to watch it, but I cannot.
The Click Five are amazing. Their songs are out of this world.
What is your favorite part of Gilmore Girls?
I am wondering how that man stayed in one place during the entire film.
It is because life never works out perfectly.
It is hard to say, but I am thinking either Kevin, Bucky, or Melissa, just because she messed up the lyrics.
No, it was not funny, but it was made to be hated and remembered.
It is bothering me, I want to hear it.
Of course miracles can happen.
Whether it is country or classic rock, make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird.
If that is not hard enough, System of a Down rules!
I do not know about the videos, but you can download songs at itunes.com or limeware.com.
I agree with American Idol.
Not really, we are just not well understood.
I found it and I still find it irresistible.
Yes, it is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day and all of their songs, especially "Boulvard of Broken Dreams".
I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I am going to take a closer look at my Disney pictures.
He is in She's the Man.
You can try it because it is free. It will at least get you started.
Why don't you throw a new life party?
No, I am not gay either.
I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you're going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it right."
Actually, I am watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror film in the 70's or 80's.
Vanilla Ice like you. Ok, I admit I have new kids on the block.
Red Hot Chili Peppers, of course.
I say the same as everyone else.
Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp are definitely the most attractive men in the world.
Since you asked, I think rap is way better.
I am a handsome, dashing, and cool person whom you cannot get.
Flute, because that is what I can play.
It is okay. It is nothing great, but it is nothing bad.
I want him and will call him "money".
A bad boy because they have every thing and they are playful.
You have to buy two packs of buns instead of one.
I still like both bands now.
She just did a spread in King Magazine.
Tyra Banks is my idol. I think she is pretty, but I heard a rumor that she is pregnant.
I would go out there and kick your butt right now, but I cannot swim.
Wow, that is a tough one!
It goes like this: "Wah wah wah wah wah wah wah wah wah wah wah
If so, what is your opinion on it?
I am crazy about Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
I do not think it is weird at all.
She took on armed guards at a palace in Turkey.
He fired his sister because he cannot keep his mouth shut.
Abbie Mitchell played Clara in the first Broadway production. There have been five revivals. See the rest here.
You are going to Saint Ives.
He is a control freak.
Journey is completely awesome.
Whenever I think of her, I feel great.
You are correct, I cannot answer it.
I guess these days people would rather listen to songs with names like My Humps.
Both of them suck, rap is gay.
I just need some sick or ill rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
They are not, but thank you for your two points.
Hermione, no, Tonks, no wait, it is Snape.
I used to watch it until about season four. It just got too boring.
Yes, check out this website.
4ever by the Veronicas. Here we are. What are you going to do?
I used to be a fan as well.
It sounds like my kind of girl.
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
There is one called Doc Watson.
Please let me know when you find out.
I do not understand why anyone likes that movie.
It should be free to download and easy to understand features like looping, fading, and like that.
It can also generally mean Japanese comic books, like a genre.
I heard there is going to be a sequel.
I have always loved his work. He is an excellent actor.
Sure enough, he did exactly what he said.
Try being nice and talking to her. Don't worry about your signs, they aren't always right.
I am adding some new favorites to my collection. Why not try stained's new one right here waiting?
I like the man, he is funny and down to earth.
Your mother is so stupid that under Education on her job application, she put Hooked on Phonics.
I am confused, are you looking for some or one?
I would love to be her and have a lot of money.
My sister is obsessed with him.
5-7 minutes, no reason, I guess. I am doing it pretty fast, am I?
He is rich and can look like that if he wants.
Do not try to impress her, if she likes you, she will come to you.
Rapp because you can ryhmn and spit crap, but in rock you cannot make fun of people.
There should be a category for the best questions.
I have not seen it yet, but I really cannot wait until it is on DVD.
It was great and made me cry a lot.
"Don't You Cry Tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
I think it is impossible to choose just one.
I just go high listerning to them.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time.
Then, of course Simon always disagrees. He is pretty good about his judgements, but he is harsh.
Yes, but they are unknown artists.
I do not know, but my head hurts.
No, they broke up. I do not know how long ago.
I love watching my son try to act out the things with them.
That was nice how you got him back.
I did not think that he would jump again.
I do not hate him, but he is weird. I am amazed that this got 33 answers in 50 minutes. Congratulations!
For me, that is exactly what I am looking for, if I were looking.
I even watch the reruns now.
Yes, I think Paula was loving everyone this week. Was she on ecstasy?
She was willing to make a complete fool of herself for two whole seasons of newlyweds.
The song is fairly new, but it sounds very old school.
At the disco, I write sins, not tragedies.
The song "Video Killed the Radio Star" by The Buggles.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde?
No, I do not think so.
I think they are overpaid and definitely overcelebrated.
Hands down, this is the best movie in the world.
I think four people would be better.
Do not worry, you will be back in tune with it in a couple of weeks.
That was me before I had my operation.
There is a blonde driving down the highway.
Eminem is a poser. I pick Get Rich or Die Trying.
Put parental control on or use web site ratings.
Plus, you can tell she really cared about her crew.
I love this song very much.
Searching the web or looking for bugs.
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic! At the Disco.
Chicken, because God cannot lay eggs.
To those of you asking if the asker of this question is gay, who cares?
It all depends on who messes up.
Neither of them. If I had to choose, I would probably be Mario or Vin Diesel.
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not a little racist, it is a lot racist!
It goes something like that for the chorus.
It is probably more than that.
Ever wonder why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so stupid that after you were born she kept you.
The chicken because it had to hatch the egg.
Happy Days was the coolest.
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna, so she needs to stop pretending.
I ask people who gave an answer for this question, where are your jocks?
Tell him you hate him and you are finding someone different.
A lady in the street and a freak in the bed.
I have never forgiven her for that.
It is a great source, just download it.
The word you are looking for is strengths.
When I first got into music, I loved rap.
I never told my parents before, but I mentioned it once and they said nothing and didn't care.
Yes, but you are going anyway, so why even ask?
I used to play the flute, but once I started playing the saxophone, I was hooked.
If you like Family Guy, you should love American Dad.
They write their own songs and actually play their own music.
We will have a good time.
Yes, a PSP, but I would not get a PSP for a child under 13.
If you want to live, talk, and dream, I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I love it. I will keep you my dirty little secret.
I believe it is the blonde from American Idol.
If you can answer that, then it is the same for the egg.
The song was called Epic. I cannot remember the artist, but it is a great tune.
Hey Mar, that commercial is for Dairy Queen. Just thought I'd let you know.
