What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
Good luck in your search for the one!
Why does everyone seem to want someone that they cannot have and know that they should not want?
Do you like to argue and fight?
If you are set on that, then that is the way to go.
My ex of three years was unfaithful.
Work at it, but do not let him keep you locked up at home.
Other than those two things, just ask him once in a while.
Also, men get bored and tired way before women do.
She is strong, loving, and most of all, she was not as happy as she thought she was.
It is one way of saying that I do not like you.
King had a song about this, Only your mother loves you, and she might be jiving as well.
Time will tell if he loves you as well.
He wants me to change how I look.
I know I have someone to come home to.
Did you feel good because I want to have sex, but you have to be careful?
Do you want all your friends forever?
It does not mean that you are slutty.
Going to a club and dancing.
Do not go anywhere you went with him or her.
They are a lot of fun and there is plenty to do.
It depends on when you are ready.
Stay 100 miles away from this man.
Just be prepared because if it happens once, it can happen again.
I am just looking for a girl who wants to spend time with me.
At least not until he finds another girlfriend.
My wife says, "We do not wear that shit."
If you are asking, then you should end the relationship and open yourself to other options.
Why do gay men want to get married?
Saying sorry to him without committing a mistake is humilation to yourself, and do not ever get weak.
Do you have to rush your decision?
They both do not respect your feelings.
Seriously, think about how many cocky girls are out there.
She is too afraid to ask him out.
Get a grip, how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with?
I would ask you out, but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live.
They have never performed before, and it doubles the pleasure.
I will probably go and see one.
Either way, best of luck, but I am just glad that I have brown hair!
Send me an email at honorarius@yahoo.com and I will tell you.
It is just a challenge.
I am a girl, so I will help you out.
Do not tell them, but let them find out once you are in bed with her.
If I would have kept my last name, it is just a name.
I hardly ever see him in school either, usually I see him at my brother's basketball games.
He is telling that to some women as well. He is a womanizer.
Drop his butt, there are plenty of fish in the sea of more.
I know because I am just like your wife.
When she calls, text her back.
No way, I am 5'4" and he is 6'2".
Do you not know the number one rule? Do not trust anyone.
We have tried to break up a couple of times, but it never happens.
Some because they are thin and skinny, and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on.
If you have a penis, then it is not a problem, you just have to penitrate her pussy with your
In that case, take some defense classes.
I just ended a three year relationship with the father of my baby.
What happened when the politician took Viagra?
Hello, my name is xxxxxx. I have been working for me for many years.
I can only say that women are complicated.
We like a soft approach and a little bit of chasing.
You would be surprised at the type of people that go to them.
It is very fun and enjoyable, especially when you meet each other after texting for a few months.
Hey, I am in New York City and I will help you out if you are around.
It sounds strange, but it worked in about three to five days for me.
Do not worry, I am not working with much either.
Why does it matter what they think? If they do not get along, do not spend time together.
If he is, then you have a good man.
If he likes you, you will know.
I suppose it is normal, but I would just move on.
The rest is easy from there.
I like any man who is funny.
Girl, only you can decide on this.
Why do you ask this question?
Do go tell everyone just because you think that is right.
Ten years is a nice gap.
If he still does not like you, then move on.
I see him every week in psr, but I cannot talk to him.
Because they feel insecure with less educated men.
For one thing, if it does not work out, you will lose your job.
I pray that it does not pass.
Only the ones that are not worth your time.
It is smaller of course, and it is all about looks.
You do not have any reason to hate each other.
If you do not, you will always wonder.
Some people choose not to because of their religion, others do not.
Give it a chance because if you break up with them, it would be harder to be friends.
I wish you the best of luck.
Men who were not ready to commit.
This is a big day in both of your lives, it should not be done quickly and without thought.
I am 55 years old and still live at home with my mother. What is wrong with that?
One man willing to move 21 hours and 1,400 miles just to be with me.
I must not be ugly enough.
But that is okay, I am a giver.
It depends on what the woman wants.
Remember, it takes two, not one.
If he really did not like her and did like you, then he would have already dumped her for you.
Hang around until the bar closes, or visit a prison.
Please do not miss out on this one.
Believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
Stick with what is inside of you.
It happened to me twice.
Maybe you are young, I do not know.
No matter what he says, actions speak louder than words.
There is nothing in the world like a big boned woman.
Even if he is rich, do not sell yourself.
I just moved to Sacramento. I am a 30-year-old gay man.
The people who are around you now, like your friends, should like you no matter what.
They like the little titis and pussies.
Wait until you are older and if you both still feel the same way, then go for it!
Yes, I am not one of those people, but I know there are many of them.
No, not if you have to ask.
And you want to suck another man's d**k?
Because they are girls and they are not as sophisticated as we are.
Does this mean he likes me?
Do not worry about him, just singrate in school so you can learn, and then worry about your boyfriend.
I dated one and I know.
Look at the way she walks.
No, at least I hope not.
Hello, I am looking to visit your country.
Should I give him another chance?
Is he the same man you want to be in a relationship with?
I went and there he was.
That is what I called it, but why?
That way you can still go by your last name.
Both of you work hard to get it right.
I told her that I liked her and she said she would want to ruin our friendship.
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat.
Show her your naked baby pictures.
It is very important to last at least 30 to 45 minutes.
I am not telling you to be celibate until then.
If he is flirting with her, then jump him.
I love curly hair. I like to run my fingers through it.
I want my wife to grow as well.
Well, that is just the way it is, I guess.
One girl, Michelle, who probably would not mind being named, spoke up and said she did not believe in it.
I can just throw him to the side and forget about him like last night's trash.
He was a little busy after that.
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
If you do eat something like that, then just quit.
It could be that you need to poop or the last dream you had.
If he wants to wear my pants, all he has to do is ask.
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings now, then it should be okay.
I want to try again.
Figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
Lie, lie, and then lie some more.
Wait until you know for sure and then proceed from there.
If you are at a dance, he should not really care.
Trust him and do not bring it up again.
Honestly, most girls are just waiting for the man to tell them how he truly feels.
I would love to meet the ladies.
I actually ponder this one now and again.
I met a man once who was very romantic. I met him in a huge rainstorm.
Some guys like girls like that and some do not.
It comes right after three and before five.
When I fall in love, I feel stupid.
If you have to ask, then you are not in love.
If you start to feel it coming on, then start the game again.
I do not understand someone, please give me the answer.
I saved a good $500-600 by doing my own flowers, and it was no hassle at all.
I just got a divorce, and so did he.
Ask a girl about the symptoms because I am a boy.
Be yourself, show a little togetherness, that is what girls like, at least most of them, but mostly be yourself.
Follow your heart, it is never wrong.
They bother you all day long.
See if he calls, emails, or even cares.
You can do a civilian arrest.
It is usually a spasm in your back.
By now, you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured.
Good luck and I hope everything goes well.
Say, "I love you," and if they wait to say it back, it tells it all.
Try asking her out again and see what she says.
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
Ask her questions, not just talk.
When you first fall in love, you are giddy, goofy, and silly happy just thinking about that person.
Remember, there is more than one.
I think they look better than a lot of nations out there.
We got married all over again!
All in all, I do not think it really matters.
I will not drive five hours just to hang out unless I really like her.
How often can you have sex with Pam Anderson?
I told her that I loved her and that I truly meant it.
Think about what good it brought about.
The thing is, I am a person that does not like to break other people's hearts.
Give a rose and express your love.
I like thick because I feel cheated with a thin one.
Remember, until death do you part.
Because we always find a life partner, so we attract with the opposite side.
What are you talking about?
If you keep talking to him for another week, he might think he is married to you.
Women do not want much, just some acknowledgment and sometimes help.
At least that is what it seems like to me.
Do not be afraid to say no.
Dump him, there are always more fish in the sea.
To me, it really does not matter, but a hand full is quite enough for me.
Choose the one who adores you the most.
You still released at least a thousand.
You go to a bar and get drunk.
Give it some time and thought.
No, you should not leave them, just teach them how to please you better.
Bembie hit the nail on the head.
No, you guys kiss when you are ready.
Julesac is funny, but mean.
If you are asking this, you have already distanced yourself from her and yet remain a friend.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer!
Do not try to figure it out, that is just the way it is.
I do not know, but I know of another website that I go to.
It depends on how much you are starting to have feelings for this boy.
He must be a control freak.
It depends on the woman and how interested she is in the man.
Try to get out and meet people.
Usually it is multiple things, not just one thing.
If you really like them.
For the guys, do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman?
If all you do is argue, it is not worth it.
What makes it worse is that I already went out with him for four years!
You just have to be patient and the right girl will come along.
Unless you no longer love your husband and have room for another man.
Because then you can do more without committing a sin.
She definitely wants you to think she is attractive, but she does not want that to be the first reason.
It depends, some days I want to have sex, some days I do not.
Plus, they are more passionate in love making.
If you play with both at the same time, she will probably f*ck the sh*t out of you.
Because he would not work, hit me, used guilt trips, was a big mama's boy, etc.
Maybe because you are the most beautiful girl they have ever seen.
It really depends on if someone is vain or not.
Someone with whom I can be myself.
Send me your picture and contact me.
Stay away from this male friend.
The doctor cannot believe it.
Yes, for sure, especially when she throws up!
If not, then do not sweat it.
I could give you some pointers.
If you feel your love is fading, do not just sit there and do nothing.
I will not stay with someone I do not trust.
I only once told a girl that I loved her, and I meant it.
You married him for a reason.
Rip off your shirt and do a Tarzan yell.
Yes, the girl down there does not have sex.
They accept this in their culture.
Always trail ride with a friend.
You did not give us very good information. Do you all live in one house?
Move on, even if he is attractive, looks are not everything.
Most important, just be yourself.
Yes, be disappointed and angry.
Sorry, I never felt that way.
I will not like any girl who would make my life difficult.
If he gets them first, you get the popcorn.
Practice and ask if you are doing well.
But if you are sure, then first tell your parents if you have not done so already.
I met mine at a carnival.
Sounds like a rhetorical question.
I believe everyone should keep their own name.
Your first kiss should feel like you are in Heaven.
There is nothing but trouble there.
How do you make a woman happy?
Do not do things that can get you hurt.
Of course you will be making more money if you work hard.
Please do not go up to her and tell her how good she looks.
I do not think it is a good idea, you are not there for this purpose.
Go up to her and say, "Hello, are you single?"
I think he would make a great Valentine.
Just be prepared to let her go.
Instead of just sitting there and waiting until you are a good one.
Just tell them, what are they going to do, slap you?
Get a massage and get away from it all.
Well, if you really like this man, smile and make nice talk with him.
Take them both out at the same time.
It happened to me and I am now dating that person.
There are only two points to make friends.
You might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you.
Preferably someone who does not hate you.
We tried to move on, but it did not work.
When will people in this messed up world finally realize this?
I would not bother calling him back.
Try not to hang out with him and find another man.
Look for another attractive girl, so she will be jealous.
In my opinion, you are not a hoe.
Red means love, black means death, etc.
If she likes him, then she does not like you. It is not his fault that she strays.
For me, anything after three days and I might start to forget about you.
Find a girl who has talets. She must also be pretty.
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend.
Start the day off with breakfast out, then perhaps a nice walk.
Go pick them up if she says yes.
If so, why do I hear some girls say flowers are not going to last?
It may be interesting for them.
Could it ever be the same?
It is not that bad, at least it is not Bella.
Could it be because some men are liars and fat mouths?
You could tell her and have a fairy tale romance.
Finally, a culture that has it right.
My twin will not talk or listen to me.
If you want to get something that you cannot get rid of, go ahead.
I am not thinking about him, but I am having dreams about him.
If you are talking about ten, then I think it would be fine to get a video or computer game.
Go for it and take the chance.
If he cannot, then take him to a place where they have slowdances (dinner date, maybe?).
I feel this is most beautiful in a family life.
It is your choice not to hate one, I dislike them at the very least.
Never get married without a prenuptial agreement.
Get a life and do not waste mine.
She says you are too good for her.
Men come and go, but friends are forever!
It could probably mean a lot of things.
Yes, it is normal because there are many people who still like someone they broke up with.
I would like to hear what a black female has to say about this.
Men are stupid. Who knows why they do what they do?
Well, if they gave you their phone number, you do not have to wait at all.
We are masters of the universe.
I am in love and I do not care who knows it, Buddy the Elf.
Whatever you do, do not try to have both of them at once.
If you really wanted to be with him, you would not be asking.
Remember, being friends with someone online is okay, but there are limits.
When my sister kisses someone, she closes her eyes to get ready.
I would not marry any woman who did not want to change her name, but that is just me.
A small party for the family.
Girls are perverts, they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly.
I am only in the fifth grade.
But you do what you want.
Do not do that, it will not work.
If they do not, it is time to move on.
He is everything I ever wanted in terms of looks, money, and other things.
Yes, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
No, she is not a liar.
Shut up and be gay if you want to.
He had his nose pierced.
Yes, I can lift him, he is only 185 pounds.
You need a therapist for that.
Maybe some perverted men like the really young looking Asian girls.
You should see a therapist.
Giving you stupid excuses of the wall. Acting the way he did not before.
Be strong and hang in there.
No, he is too big and I am too weak.
Basically, if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob or a slut, then yes,
Exchange letters, e-mails, chat online, talk over the phone, and send packages. Just keep in touch!
Especially if you do not feel like it.
He dribbles, shoots, and scores two points.
Giving it up just for him to stay is like selling your soul to the devil.
I cannot give you a wife's view, but I hope mine is just as good.
Plus, it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone.
It depends on the woman, it is better shaved.
I cannot understand you if you ask in English.
I am a man, but I will tell you a little.
I like him a lot and I want to win him over, not push him away.
I really like this man, but I do not know if he likes me back.
By the way, your avatar looks familiar.
It has been over six months and I cannot seem to get over it.
Maybe he thinks he will be turned down. Just ask. I would.
You have to think about that and that should help you decide if you can trust him.
A picture of the shape of a heart with you and her when you first dated. That is special.
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I graduate.
Listen, it is not that easy. I got with my ex-boyfriend in second grade, then again in fourth grade, and again in
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed. Is this bad?
Some men do not like breasts at all.
Is it that she just wants to see other people?
He has seen me every day for about four or five years.
There was his stop, so he got off the train.
The worst, the absolute worst, is that she says no. Take a chance and good luck!
I know exactly what I want in a relationship.
I would flirt, send flowers and candy to myself, and then he would ask you out sometime.
I also hate seeing my father unhappy.
I feel bad because I know that I snore sometimes. Most people do, correct?
I like sos and need to know if I am in love.
If you guys truly love each other, then you can work out all the fighting.
Because neither of you have the courage to end the relationship.
However, that does not mean that big girls cannot be cute.
He is getting married this month.
But those men are jerks and you do not want them anymore.
Say, "Will you go out with me?"
Get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years.
Men have penis and women have clitoris.
Separate the bad thing and move on.
It would be easier if I were angry.
If she tells the administration, I will be expelled because it is Pakistan, not America.
You should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her on a date.
Like I said, he already knows that you like him, so just take a deep breath and ask him.
Maybe you and I can get together sometime and find love with each other.
I would be, but I am just married.
Play the field a bit now.
As everyone said, do not get married so early.
I just want to know if you have been to the doctor yet.
Pay attention to what the other person says.
Just talk to your spouse about this.
If you are interested in sixth graders, you are obviously young.
I was thinking about a medium pink color, but with what?
Ask if they would like to go somewhere with you.
A trip to an amusement park such as a roller coaster or a theater museum.
Do men really prefer larger women?
The problem is that I really like him.
I would say that they do work out, but not a lot of the time. I hope this helps.
Should I break up with him because of his mother?
I did this before, accidentally, and my friend was mad that I deleted him.
I do not mind either way.
But that is her way. You could try it that way or just keep your eyes open.
There are some that do, but you should be able to tell.
Are you talking about your avatar?
I do not remember giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I liked her.
I do not know what to do.
Try to be yourself and do not show off.
Just take it day by day, step by step, and think of how he lost a good thing.
If only every man knew what women want, the world would be a much happier place.
Compliments, honesty, and make it about her.
I think she will crash him.
It just means that she is really interested in the man.
Please do. I think you would get slapped mid-reach or kicked in the groin.
Only now she and I are both divorced.
If he/she wants to see your picture right away, it is sex.
It is better than her giving you a fake phone number to call.
Tell her to move to Massachusetts.
If you feel strongly about it, then maybe you should not get married.
From the pictures I have seen, I would say Maui or the Bahamas.
The man I like is mad at me.
You are thirteen, do not even worry about it.
That way you do not have to worry about calling him too much.
I am a man and I can tell you that we love to chase.
Thank you for the encouragement in advance.
We always seem to push the ones we love away.
They think that they can control other people's lives when they cannot.
That is weird, but maybe I will talk to my friend by his locker.
I do not know, how would you like something crammed up your buttocks?
If a man cares, he will call.
What special gift can I give my future brother-in-law for his birthday?
He probably does not want to either.
Hold her hands, look into her eyes, and say it, but only if you really love her.
Some men do and some men do not.
I really want to know, so please help me out!
The timing was not right for it with the old man. You will see.
Generally kind, and my fifth: I will just be disappointed if she is stupid.
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
I do not believe that trust has to be earned, because how is that even possible?
If that is you, then you definitely need to stop that.
Do not let her rule your life, she will just have to learn to deal with it.
I use Yahoo email, and that works for me.
I would not worry too much about it.
Yes, the trick ass has never had a chance.
When you can fart in front of the one you are dating.
It depends on how old they are.
Any man who says he would is probably not being entirely honest with himself.
If you flirt with him, the challenge is not there.
If you need your ex emotionally, then you have some problems.
She does not have to be younger than you.
It could be that she does not love you, but try to use your brain, not your heart.
If you want your girlfriend forever, then simply do not let her know that you want her forever.
There are tons of cheap ideas out there, just find what you like and work with it.
Do not do it if you are worried about the performance.
Find another girl and if that does not work, move back.
Most often, but not always, that will be men around your age, give or take.
If you act like that all the time, she might think you are desperate.
Not everyone on here is in school.
Tell him what you really want. That is what they tell me, but I never got to do. Speak up.
Should I make the first move or should I wait for him to make the first move?
What a typical double standard you have set up!
After a while, you do not even see the color.
I have not tried it yet, but I am still trying to get up the nerve.
If you two are serious, then asking her that question should not bother her.
Ask her what is going on.
Would you like to go out with me sometime?
Look me up if you are ever in Florida.
Those were good times, I tell you.
It is all about her, and no, it should not be something that happens on a first date.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time?
If he comes to his senses, then great, if not, then shave him.
You are too good for them.
Jump him because she likes him?
It depends on the age, CDs or DVDs.
20 years down the road, that is all you can be, so start from the beginning.
I would like to visit the United States. What are the necessary things?
If anyone has any ideas, tips, or general information, please email me back!
You sound like a very lovely person, so do not let some of these women drag you down.
Do not look, just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun, and a girlfriend will come along.
Do not pursue it, he is getting married.
Like a clear liquid that turns yellow when dry?
If in your country there is a short messaging system in your cellphone, then find a textmate.
When she starts closing her eyes, kiss her in the lips and then it is up to you.
Please be honest with me, I can handle the truth.
Have fun and remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what is going to happen next.
It shows how much they care about you.
Tell her that you miss her and that you love her.
Coffee, lunch, site seeing, walk/talk/play in the park, museum, movie matinee.
What you want is a hooker, you can find that in any corner of the world.
But now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do.
Because if it fails, you will be up to no good.
It has been the best thing for me.
Try using some of these, but only if they actually apply.
The problem is that he cheated on me recently and it was the worst thing that he could have done.
If you are happy, she should be happy, unless he is really being bad to you.
We like it when men do things for us and think about us.
Maybe if you give him space, he will eventually call you back.
Tell him that you do not want a real relationship.
If you look creepy, they will all think you are leering.
I do not know about love, but he likes you for sure.
If a man really respects you, then he will understand.
Ask yourself and decide, and if you can afford it, do it if you want to.
Because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy.
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the good outweighs the bad.
I do not think it is wise to date at work.
You need a theory class for that.
Let it take its course from there.
What do they think about gay marriage/relationships?
I had to ask him if he was blowing me off.
Men will think you are attractive no matter what with this.
I do not think that by not having sex with him, he will become unfaithful or leave you.
The safest rules of internet dating are these: 1. Chat via email and messenger; 2. Chat on the phone.
Marriage is about trusting and communicating.
I had this problem as well.
It depends on what you kissed.
It depends on if you could trust him before.
Make sure you do not make her hate you, just get your point across to her.
Where have you been meeting these Filipinas?
Again, if it was just considered love?
That way, you are not exactly telling them what you specifically do not like about them.
If he is, then go for it!
See if she is open to dinner and a movie.
I am sorry I do not know and I wish you both the best of luck!
However, I find him looking at me every now and then.
This is sin, we have started this.
Fun includes eating meals, not breakfast, if you know what I mean.
Make a kind move, if there is no response, you know what to do.
Let him make the first move, if you do, it may make you look like you are obsessed with him.
You people have no right to get married.
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much and he loved me as well.
You seem desperate, and you will never find one if you are desperate.
He swears that we are just friends.
Looks do not really matter unless you are trying to prove something.
Once you have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
The fact that a man is so self centered is a huge turn off for me.
Do not rush it, feel all your emotions come alive.
It is a two way street, until you get them, you will know which one it is.
You have one child out of wedlock.
I know I am overly picky about people. How can I stop it?
It hurts a lot, maybe some girls might say that is it?
I am going to jump that boy, is that the right choice?
It was a good idea.
If she gets drunk, then it is not a turn off.
Because some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly.
I would prefer if they left me alone. Sorry, I got off-topic.
Ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she would enjoy.
You are a man, a term used lightly.
It is too bad it is not automatic like MSN or AOL.
That is how they will react to it, so it is a bad situation for you and him.
Go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you.
I too want to smack that smile off her face.
Ask if he wants to dance with you.
Then she might say, "That looks ugly, I think a color looks better."
Ask him to see a doctor.
I never went out with him a second time.
First of all, why did you guys break up?
Why wait? Go ahead and do it.
As long as he does not mind, who else's opinion matters?
I think I am still in love with him.
I never wanted to have sex again.
The main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you.
If you have to ask other people, I really do not think you are ready to.
I am a girl, I say those things.
Flowers are a big savings area.
Time will tell, give it six months and see what happens.
Either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from.
From your list, I would have to choose Spiderman.
I was cheated on for three of the years.
All seniors think freshman girls are easy, it is sad but true.
If he says yes, then you can tell him.
Impress her with affection and love.
If you have, what was it like?
Celebrate Valentine's Day with joy and fun. Give each other gifts and have fun.
Any woman, other than the ugly men, will look attractive.
When I moved in, my neighbor asked me on a date.
You should probably make a move because he is obviously shy.
Just on a much harsher scale as time goes on.
Be yourself, say what is up, and you might get a response.
There are many times that you love the man, but are not sure if he loves you as well.
If you are talking about your husband, I would say tools, toys for his vehicle, and sports related items.
That got me really hot, but I ran off.
I will pick up the tab if I can get your vote for the best answer.
What size of breast does the average man like, do you think?
Many women who are 22 years old are dating men who are 27 years old, so the men who are 22 years old feel insecure and have
Lust is less like you just go out?
They probably know that you cannot hide that, but you should tell your parents.
I will make you a princess on planet Kripton.
My last girlfriend's boyfriend did that to her before we met, and she still kept him.
My friend has a boyfriend that she talks to online and on the phone.
Do you prefer fake nails or manicured ones?
Tell her, girls like to hear the truth. Good luck!
We can rest around and be the best of friends.
Stay true to your husband, after all, he is the one you said I do to.
Do not listen to these fools with all their lies.
Yes, I am a man, so I do not really have to pay.
Remember, no bird ever flew on one wing.
Just let her know how you feel.
It depends, if you really love him, you will probably think you will want to ignore it.
If you or the other person is married, run!
No, men do not, but little boys do.
Help me win this debate with her!
My girlfriend is the nuttiest, but I love her anyway.
Simple enough, do as anyone else does, play with it.
Let him go, if he is meant to be with you, he will come back to you.
After three days of that, my back went out.
Stay alive and get your old life back.
That is why I ask why men never know what they want in a relationship.
Maybe ask him out to lunch or a movie.
Girls do not like men who are all about themselves.
It depends, do you like either one?
I was always looking and I kept picking jerks.
No, I feel it is a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them.
Some do, some do not.
Just do what makes you happy.
Because for some reason I cannot.
It would have to be love.
Because, you know, try to search for your love, but be careful!
Do not ask her to perform some act for you, make her the spotlight.
Girls are simply impressed if you can show a little care, respect, and honesty to them.
Tell the bastard to leave.
They think it is the only right way.
Good luck and keep it cool!
That said, you need to figure out if you want to stay married to him.
I hate him for it.
Men like this typically become husband beaters if you do not obey them.
First of all, I have four children, so being a homemaker is more work than my job.
No, I have not. I prefer normal-looking men.
It definitely looks like he has feelings for you. Do you show how you feel? You should.
Everything seems so open and hit and run with most people these days.
I have a problem with unloading all my junk up front, and maybe I told this man too much.
The right date can save you money on many things.
If you truly love your man and want to work it out, then tell your ex to respect that.
That only makes her easier to be with.
I do not think you should try it.
Simple, honesty, love, and trying to be true with them.
I am hoping for at least 90%, but realistically I think it is more like 70% or 65%.
Cuddling up with a large woman is one of the best feelings I know of.
Women also expect men to act like that, so why should they grow up?
There are a couple of ways: Get him drunk.
The problem is not if you ask her while at work or not.
Stay with the 13 and 14 year old boys, they are easier to control anyway. Good luck!
You should never let a man manipulate you.
I am not a stay at home romantic dinner type of girl.
When I left him, I swore I would never get married again.
Pickup lines are tacky. Just be yourself and compliment her a lot. Women like that.
You will be fine, just have fun!
Not all the time, sometimes men shave them, it depends on the woman.
I love him, but I think I am ready to move on and meet new men.
Wait for another four years.
I hope to see some of it soon.
I do not want to be mean.
Also, you should wait a while before having children.
I would like to have some fun with you, that is why I answered this stupid question.
Try to contact their Q&A team, they will help you. Have a nice day!
Because women do not have sex often.
If he insists, it means he only wants sex.
Looks definitely matter, anyone who says they do not is probably lying.
Making love is like living a fantasy.
When you are 18 or 20 because when they say something, they do not mean it.
When possible, try to make it yourself.
There is always a but, isn't there?
If she is not interested in you anymore.
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men.
On average, I would say about 45% at first, but then once you get to know the person, maybe 15%.
Play sports with your male friends.
She will tell you if it is not okay.
I do not mean, do you think women are sexy and beautiful?
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone?
Use a sex toy, that way you can both enjoy it.
Men without hair look like little boys to me, and it is not sexy at all.
I agree, just kiss him, he will respond in one way or another.
A good way is to imagine yourself without him or her.
Here in America, it is not so important.
If it was before you, then he was not cheating at all.
How many times have I passed up a great opportunity by worrying about someone saying no?
Because the white women are taking up all the men.
Your self image is also very important.
Have you ever had a PAP smear?
Goodness, how old are you?
I think they both like me.
First of all, it sounds as if you guys are already married.
Yes, Jamie is going to ask Rubi on a date, but it is not your business.
That is a sign, things like that can make it really obvious.
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally without going out with them.
I would love to hear logical opinions on this.
If you like the man, then go for it.
It is okay to have fun with male friends.
It is natural with that man.
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing.
No, because I am not yet married.
Let me know what you think.
If you are gay, be gay!
Good luck and hang in there.
I like older girls, so I think it is sick and wrong that they cannot go out with her.
I am just curious to know what everyone thinks.
My last boyfriend I met was driving around a roundabout in another car.
If you do that, then you will lose your friend over a man.
It was a casual aside when I said it, I did not think he would remember.
Are you a country girl or a city girl?
Hang out all day together and to top it off, touch his feet.
I am very bored being single. I sit back and watch other women have all the fun.
Women are curious about sex with other women, even me.
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read your typing.
I hate it myself, I love the straight ones.
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore larger women.
There are no words that are going to make it any better.
Do it before it is too late.
To tell you the truth, you learn, but you have to actually do it.
Nay Pier is a great place or one of the museums. There are a lot of great restaurants and hotels.
That is a stereotype. I am not a country girl by the way. I think I am sexy in my own way
He will not turn you down.
Well, I hope you read this very well.
Many men like thick women, and most of them are black.
If she is interested, she will call later.
No, you will not because you know he has cheating tendencies.
Ask yourself that, if you know what I mean.
I find that if I try really hard, I can see things that I know are not normally there.
Let's get coffee and chat and take it from there.
Just move on with your life and find someone else.
I bet you are not, but try emailing me at ATILIKETHICKCHIX@YAHOO.COM and I
Me and this boy have been going off and on since last year.
I really care about you and I cannot stop thinking about you.
It is worth the wait when you are ready.
If you do not know, ask someone who would.
Keep away from your fear and tell him.
That is a chance you are going to have to take.
Drink up if you want to be attractive to losers, creeps, and perverts.
Not for anything but looking at.
After a while, it passes and I still love him.
As you said, it is your own life.
Even in a divorce, I am stuck with it.
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend, does not mean he is.
Sure, let me know more about you.
When one minute you want to throttle the other person and the next you want to jump their bones.
The girls that are pretty or have a great personality.
People whose parents take care of them are lazy.
I do not know what she wants.
It is very complicated, please tell it again, but in a simple manner.
Show her what you are good at.
If you can imagine him as the father of your children.
If you do not ask, someone else might.
That is why I am single.
If you really love him, you would let him go.
If she does not want to be with you, try to be her friend.
Well, if he says he is not, believe him.
Let's get it out of limbo.
I even worked there for awhile and met the man of my dreams.
I have been with my husband for four years. We recently got married in December of 2005.
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now.
You will see that no matter how hurt you are, it is still the simplest reason why you smile.
Wow, I did not think Pakistan was that conservative.
I have to stop right away because I am ready to relieve myself.
Whatever you do, do not tell him too soon.
We cannot answer if she really means it.
I do not like a man who does that all the time.
Then you can make an easier decision.
I have sex with many girls and some whores.
He dribbles, shoots, and scores two points.
Talk to your best friend and see if it is cool.
Is this a trick question?
I do not know, can I do anything about it?
People are husbands and wives for a reason.
If he does not, then there are too many fish in the sea.
Do you just want to say that?
If you are not happy, fix it or leave.
Not all men do, but some men do.
I totally agree with Udaman, good luck girl.
Sounds like you like to sell yourself too much.
Your girlfriend will just think you are a jerk.
Sometimes, but you have to observe the one you call your man.
Replaying everything you ever did to me?
Do not just sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
I dated a man this past year and he got to a violent point.
Leave it alone, I do not care what she says, she is in enough pain.
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you?
Just find one that loves you as well.
It never hurts to be flirtatious.
We were hanging out a little.
Do not use pick up lines, that is a turn off.
I love them because I am a man and I do not have to ask anyone to the dance.
Girl, there are more men out there that love thick girls than you think.
The girls that whine that flowers do not last are just ungrateful.
You need to be with that person, you have found your true love.
I mean really be her friend.
How do I get my sweetheart to show me that he loves me?
You have to stop talking to him and thinking about him.
They never met, but she says they are in love.
Do not do this over the phone, email, etc.
I am not against gays and lesbians, they are the best friends a person can have.
I met a girl and I want to know how to know if she is interested in me or not.
Death is like a box full of candy corn.
Just try to make the best of what is to come.
Either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person.
She is the love of my life and I cannot wait to spend the rest of my life with her.
Women think with their brains.
I am still in love with my ex and I am so mad at my cousin because my ex likes her.
Only time will tell. Spend time with friends and have fun, do not think about it.
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore, unless it is to laugh at all the freaks.
This is what I did, a big bad mistake on my part.
I have no idea where to begin.
But he chased, so I guess I can lift or carry my husband.
If she is calling just to talk, then tell her to not call you so often.
That is all I have to say.
You should not be asking this question.
I was also thinking about lime green.
I mean the two of you together.
I have a close girlfriend.
Do they want to be something they are not?
Well, if you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night.
They like the challenge, I know that is what I love about it.
It depends on the girl, fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair.
I should do that when I am dating next time!
Do not listen to what anyone else tells you to do.
I really like this man, and I do not know if it is just a crush or if I love him.
I think the bomb is much easier.
Not always the easiest, but they have been pretty good years.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer!
Tell her why you like her.
Did you turn gay or is it just a curiosity thing?
No, not if you have to ask.
The list could go on and on.
He might enjoy all the waiting, dreaming, and teasing.
Do not eat where you take a s***.
If you would like to chat, please email me at fla_cat_blue@yahoo.com.
When he teases you about the stupid little things.
If you think that he feels the same way about you, why not?
In my experience, a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other.
They are often worse than men!
I have heard of friends getting married about six months after meeting someone.
I do not understand what you mean.
If you want children, then be a homemaker.
What is the worst that could happen?
Intellect - a woman with brains is just sexy!
Their intelligence, the way they carry themselves, their good looks, and their activeness.
Sure, and will you pay mine as well?
Yes, all I can say is that I have long black hair and I am proud of it.
I was not going to let her win.
Chances are, if you like her as a friend, you will like her as more.
Just be yourself when you are with her.
Men think that they are special and that they are only good enough for certain women.
Find someone you like and say, "Will you be my Valentine?"
Post more questions on Yahoo Answers.
Well, if the one boy picks on you, why like him?
Brokeback Mountain is a man, but at least you will be happy.
Size, shape, looks, etc. should not matter at all.
Sex is not the only important thing in life.
You are probably too good for him anyway.
Do you like him or do you not like him?
Why don't you just ask her if you can kiss her?
Who is to say that country girls feel more sexy?
I do not know how old you are, which would help.
Just think about what you like and do it back for them, kind of like a tongue massage.
Here is my answer: Most men definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone.
Cut your cousin and ex-boyfriend off completely.
Do his friends point at you when you are with him?
Yes, it is very possible to enjoy giving pleasure rather than receiving it.
Now I keep thinking about getting it on with a girl.
It depends on if they are brunettes or not.
Is she just trying to use you?
You can have a big u-no-what and suck in bed.
Get rid of the x if you are dating the man you love right now.
It hurt like hell and I bled.
Cuddling, kissing, fondling, and playing with each other's sex organs before sex.
When he does, explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and that you want him back.
My boyfriend loves me to death and does not want to give me up.
You are already doing it, so why bother?
On the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain, it was awesome!
I think you are probably a nice man and she probably loves you a lot.
You are looking too hard, or maybe you are looking in the wrong places. Sign up for Yahoo personals.
Only if you want it to be.
But if she does not have a reason, then she is not your friend.
You have to find what is right for you and your partner.
You are definitely not a hoe, so do not worry.
Girls do not think it is cool, they think that men who smoke are pathological because they are killing them.
Do you like Asian food?
They do not mean to get them pregnant, they just cannot keep it in their pants because they are pigs!
I like natural looking girls, not pretentious drama queens.
Take on how the world works and their desire to catch up.
That is too many and selfish. You are desperate and keep trying another one, correct?
It is like if you decide to eat chocolate and then moan because you look too fat.
Do you know that he loves you?
My wife forgives me for many things.
First, you order one online and the storm brings one to you.
I would say around three or four.
Imagine that I am that man and that he is my girlfriend.
Give them a chance to discover you.
It is unusual, but nothing bad.
I still love him, what should I do?
Do not just stay with him for the baby.
Never ignore her, always listen to her, and when you do, do not change the subject. Women hate that.
It can be good luck as well if you take it as good luck.
It is a man thing, live with it.
Sounds like you are going through a lot right now.
Good luck, but do your homework.
Do not come here, it smells like a trap to me.
Everywhere, just ask any girl passing by, but only in Thailand, not in the United States.
This woman does not want a bad boy at all.
I need to be happy.
You are so full of it, teasing all these desperate, lonely, sad men. Shame on you.
Also, sometimes men think they do not need you so badly until you are gone.
Only that I can say, good luck!
You married your husband, hopefully because you love him.
I love to express my feelings to the ladies with poems. Has anyone written one for a special someone?
Why tie yourself to just one man?
That is if you both agreed to do this.
It is like saying, "What's got to stop me?" when I have already done it.
He just has to start over and earn your trust again.
On his side of the family, I met his father.
We fall in love, they treat us badly, so why are we there?
I am one of those who want to wait until they are completely in love with someone.
Try the nice way first, girls hate being ignored.
Keeping secrets only hurts the ones you love.
Some women like big hairy men, some men like fat women, some women like skinny men, and vice versa.
Curves, especially if they have big breasts, and softness. You cannot beat a soft woman.
Never tell her that she is overweight.
You are a mother, act like one.
Others like to think that society dictates it. I say, "Screw society and give me thick!"
Give them two months and they will get over you.
I do not know, but Daniel K has never read manga.
I guess it is kind of nice, it is like your father's blessing all the way.
I like intelligent, fun, and attractive girls.
Come to my town and I will be your girlfriend.
This generation is just too stupid.
Yes, it is time to cash in your chips.
They are always in the "in love" stage.
I see a Malaysian air ad on television and I go gaga.
It was very nice that he asked me out.
Try talking to her and asking her to hang out as friends and see if it goes somewhere.
This is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there.
Not what you can become just because she says so.
The two of you should talk privately and personally. You have to clear each other's side. Do it now.
Well, the one I liked goes like this.
Do not try to have sex.
Just keep it cool, a little hard to get might help.
If your relationship survives the four seasons, you should be ready.
I married my man anyways, and do you know why?
Move on and find someone who does not hate you.
You cannot, so let's just start talking about it.
Yes, we like flowers, pretty and good smelling ones.
Should I or Should I not? Younger man vs older woman.
Okay, those other replies are just cocky, I am way more fine.
Lime green would be more appropriate for a summer wedding.
But if they cannot exercise self-control, then let them marry.
My boyfriend snores and I have the worst time sleeping.
Maybe you think not, but yes!
We have no room for animals like this in our society.
The best and easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there.
His answer is good enough for me.
No single man can give you what you really want.
If he does not start acting right, then leave him.
If you are attractive, show him your breasts.
A lot of men like that, just looking for sex.
I mess up a lot at times, but she does not forget.
Wait for him to ask you out unless you are really depressed.
You are asking if you like me.
Whatever you decide, make it completely yours.
You cannot fix it with her parents. You can talk to her friends, but please specify why.
How drunk is this girl getting?
Women love men with a positive self image.
I am doing this just for the points.
If you do not know anything about each other, you cannot connect.
If you do, then I would say it was a real and worth relationship. Good luck!
But really, if you are used to it and you kind of like it, go with it.
Because it is buy one, take one.
And last but not least, does he always just happen to be staring?
It sounds like a con, but I am telling you that women like it.
You just have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better.
However, I always believed in the fact that there is a huge difference between having sex and making love.
You just have to make yourself walk away.
In my case, I think it is 80%.
Leaning in and giving me a soft kiss just on the forehead.
I cannot see my life without my husband.
I do, it is much prettier and smoother than silk.
Flowers are nice, even if they do not last.
It sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away.
Why don't you just leave the girl alone?
Maybe you should try dating girls if men offend you.
I do not have a single girlfriend.
Just remember to go for men who are themselves and only themselves.
They feel that they are better than women, but they are wrong.
That does not mean you should let them in.
It is always in the back of my mind.
Does she have other friends to chat with on the phone?
Getting married and having a child can wait, but studies cannot.
But you need to do this a few times.
Most teenage boys prefer girls who enjoy sex.
Do not look back and enjoy the friends you have.
No good or bad is your personal belief on something.
I do not know what I should do.
Yes, it is a sick habit.
Wait until you are 25 years old, you would not lose your charm by then.
My boyfriend hates my boyfriend and wishes for me to break up with him, but I will not.
Relax and be real, that is what we like.
I do not think so, maybe they should try taking our last names.
You both should pick either his or yours once you have children.
Of course he wants to continue.
I guess I choose domestic goddess.
Ask her out after class again.
Life is too short, live it to the fullest and have faith.
I am a man and I feel that way because I am as well.
If you like him that much, call him.
Start with a basic everyday question and go from there.
Tell more people (my brother did).
All my friends want to do is make out!
Also, actual kissing and asking if you are a good kisser.
We will not regret it at your service anytime.
You need to put it in and add it back, just like the first time.
You can share this with your parents.
Do not fall for the alcoholic only on weekends line that the man above is giving.
You sort of stuck yourself out there to get hurt, unless you know him fairly well.
I prefer A and B cups myself.
Be her friend first, then see where it goes.
Do not just listen to what people say, watch how they act.
Do you feel that way?
If a man asks you, do not be afraid to say no.
Obviously she does not want you if you know she likes the other boy.
There are many things that make a woman not like sex.
Not all men get bored and move on.
There is no better person to marry than your best friend.
Depending on what you are looking for, friendship only.
I did this with my current boyfriend.
It does not mean you cannot love another.
Just divorce that man, he has no honor and he does not love you.
Basically, men just want to have a girlfriend for free sex.
If nothing works, you have to ask him for it again.
It is your personality, keep to it, whether a man goes out with you should not determine how you act.
You have to search yourself for this one.
If the man is worthy, you will not need to.
I am confused, I hate the girl to be like that. What should I do?
Shop around for invitations and everything else.
He then asked me if I would like to come with him.
Just go with your feelings, if you like her so much, then go with it.
I am only myself around men I do not like, and you know the outcome.
I hope you find a nice girl.
I have liked this girl since I was in ninth grade.
To all my fellow girls at Cone, a big hello and a hug!
If she likes him, then there is a reason.
If going to a movie is special for the two of you, then do that.
It sounds like you wear the pants.
Have you told her that it is irritating that she has to check up on you everyday?
For the same reason, thin girls prefer slender, toned men.
He handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number.
Go to Hawaii or pay someone.
I do not understand why people think it is wrong.
Keep searching for a believer in romance, she is out there!
If you plan on cheating on your wife, you are a pig and need to be shot.
Look, he already knows that you like him, and has he said anything bad about it?
Confront him and ask him, that way you will know.
It is more of a trust issue, I would say.
Never stop trying to impress her.
No, you are punished, and no television for a month.
I think this is better than the one on top of me.
But that did not bother me because we were just friends.
Go to school, you can still come home or call your family and friends.
Go with the one who picks on you because nine times out of ten he likes you.
I always felt the same way, but when I met my true love, my views changed.
Do you take baths? Do you know how to speak?
I like him and he says things like, "If I were not dating, I would go out with you."
Just get rid of him, you will be better off.
The one time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love.
People have asked me, "What is the hurry?"
Has he just dumped a girl and left before?
Needless to say, I am 36 now and still in therapy around it.
Do not be one of those controlling baby mamas.
Did you ever think of that?
It has been half a year, is it normal to still like him?
Look for a man who is attractive.
It is really sweet and just what you are looking for.
Is there a reason that you are not with the baby's father?
No, it is most uncool. You are simply wasting your health because girls hate it.
Anything larger than a handful is a waste, probably a size c or d.
I myself think that they do.
Stop trying to slap it in everyone's face!
You should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable.
A man asks me, "Do you mind if we cuddle?"
Ask about the score of the last game.
Some couples never get to that comfortable, boring stage.
I always say that you should not do things if you are going to regret them later.
Even the day after would be acceptable.
All you are missing is a million dollar smile.
I hear you Fountain, the same thing happened to me.
I do not really like girls all that much.
Be nice, give eye contact, and smile a lot. I hope this helps.
I would wonder why he shaved them, but in the end, they are his legs.
Best of luck to you both.
This is just what I have learned many times.
I will go with anything natural than fake. I even hate the word fake.
No, 10 years younger, who wants an older woman?
Ask your best friend if it would be okay.
Many people will tell you no.
Downtown Houston just about any weekend. There are a lot of clubs.
Who said women do not feel anything?
Do not start with her looks, mister!
If they have moved on, then you should as well.
Flirt and see how he responds.
I am waiting until I am married, but when is it too far?
With her taking your number, there is nothing wrong with that.
You do not have to be an overly happy, hyper-active person.
I do not want to just randomly go up and be like, "Go out with me?"
Then comes the fun part, he making up to you.
You give at least five minutes for kissing, hugging, and maybe some licking as well.
I cannot help anymore unless I have more information.
I say no to avatars.
Some girls prefer gifts that will last.
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him at all. Flirt back!
I feel goofy, dorky, and happy.
If you are a hoe, then he is one too. Personally, I do not think you are one.
There are some men who only say the L word if they mean it.
I do not need a trophy girl, I want a companion.
As a man, let me say this.
Be confident, always believe in yourself, do not be arrogant, always make good eye contact, and listen to what she has to say
Then he said, "Do you want some of my chapstick?"
There is no wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
Because we love them, it is not until later when we think about it that what we have done.
I would not know because I have the same issue.
What was the mistake that you made?
It is like breaking a drug habit.
Tell him, and it would not seem psycho because you have known each other for a long time.
Yes, for the first answer, that girl answered for me.
What about blue and green?
A life of your own, a life you have been missing out on.
Confusing, yes, I think you are correct.
The thing is, you do not have to ask her out to go out with her.
Maybe he is going to call you.
Okay, tell her, but be as polite as possible.
When I was sixteen years old, I lost my virginity in a park.
What man does not like big breasts?
You should be proud of yourself.
Yes, men work and fix things, but what else can you do?
We do not know what you look like.
If you could have four qualities in your woman, what would they be?
Look in the internet, you will find many things for the wedding, or in your local newspaper.
If she sits on your best friend's lap because she is drunk, then yes, it is a turn off.
See my boyfriend (go to my 360)?
You will find a man who really deserves you one day.
Well, you and that sexy perfume you wear.
If he is not and you are still not ready, then screw him!
Why do they want it state sanctioned?
She still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons.
Move on, but you can still love him.
See if he is willing to go out of his way for you.
If anyone knows, please let me know.
I never knew life could be so good.
He said that he would call me back.
Pick the one you like the most.
Take it off the pop up block.
If you truly love him, you will tell him.
Who knows, but I would absolutely love that to be done to me.
What should I do to get her?
Dude, you have to suck it up and introduce yourself.
There are movies that I have not seen yet.
I think it depends on age and upbringing.
That will be just sex.
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first, and it is total bliss!
Who cares what anyone else thinks?
Also, try getting some blonde highlights.
Just let it all out. I use art a lot to vent problems that I have.
If she likes music, make a special CD or tape.
It could be. Choose one and why.
Do not worry about what people will say.
I think a lot of girls like getting flowers.
I cannot explain it, and no, it has nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable, or submissive.
Let him go, or date his brother.
Yes, there are, you just have to look.
You can get them in Staples for $35.
Your child is going to have a hard enough time growing up without a father.
My friend says I am too nice and I should tell them no.
My girlfriend always says she loves me when we are passing notes during class, but she does not say it confrontationally.
That is correct, the right relationship happened on its own.
You will look like an idiot.
No, and you should not care. If you like him, then stay with him.
I think you should be your true self, have self esteem and self confidence.
Anything that is not nailed down!
Make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her that badly.
One of my best friends had an affair with my big sister a few months ago.
Should I just forget about it and move on?
Their friends, on the other hand, are a different story.
Yes, I do, I think anyone does.
My girlfriend met a strange old pervert who told her that he was a hot teen that she met online.
None came in my list, so I chose my neighbor's wife.
I have long black hair and I love it. My husband loves it as well.
You care for your family and everyone in your family will love you.
Ugly or fat men just take what they can get.
In the middle of the river while there were people watching, it was actually pretty fun.
It is all in the eye contact.
It depends on the man. Some men do and some do not.
It kind of gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts.
I mean, if you love him and he really loves you, he may want to disappoint his father.
Yes, some men get right down to it with absolutely no thought for the woman.
Maybe she is not a beeatch and the skinny chick was.
It does sound a little girly.
If you want to enjoy a bit, why don't you check out some restaurants, night clubs, gyms, etc.
There are many good women left, you just have to look in the right place.
Hey, everyone has to separate one day or another.
You win some, you lose some. Take it with a grain of salt and be more careful next time.
Happy birthday to you.
I just need someone to help me figure this out.
Choose the one who treats you better.
I am interested in a sixth grade boy as well.
If you end it, he might not be your friend. That is why I do not go with friends.
Stick yourself out there more, you have to do far more than just eye contact.
Do what is best for you and him.
Bad teeth, bad breath, and bad body.
No one needs to know that.
If I were to ask, I would leave, end the relationship, and move on with my life.
Do not misunderstand me.
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes, but he did not act like it.
Where am I going with this?
Keep getting her younger and younger men, as one gets older, get a new one for her.
You know that if you did not play the guilt trip.
That does not mean it makes it right, it just means that it makes us human.
It is a mistake that cannot be undone.
Practice unwrapping starburst with your tongue and tying cherry stems with your tongue.
Did you catch her looking at you?
I know three men that I can probably get away with doing something like that.
Ask her on a date or tell her that you like or admire her.
If he is going to be an on and off guy like that, I say dump him for good.
If they do not, then you will have to move on with your life.
I have never been to it.
Complement her, ask her her name, do not act weird, act like you are the smoothest man ever.
She calls him all the time.
How should I approach her and not be just another man hitting on her?
Wait a little while and then date men, that way you enjoy it more.
Someone who is never 'bitchy' just because she thinks it is cool, it is not.
Because you do not have any decision power as to what to do.
I know, why should I hide it?
Some men do not like to dance.
She is not your friend because she will not stop bugging you.
I wish I had listened to my friends.
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is not really interested?
Do I want to be in love?
Why do they want to be married?
No brainer. Oh, and nice picture of George Clooney on your profile.
Some women cannot seem to find men their own age attractive.
Some do, but I would rather have a pair that were not too big.
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are.
It is very sexy. Yes, it looks very nice on most girls.
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first and make sure you are happy around each other.
Anyway, my question is, will I always feel that way?
Listen to Faith Hill's song "Love Ain't Like That", it is a great example.
Please do not ask that question if you do not want your feelings hurt.
The girlfriend should accept that if she loves you.
I think it is very attractive when a man shaves his legs.
If you guys still keep in touch, I do not think that is the best thing to do.
I like this boy Austin and I told my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me.
You are killing the romance by asking that stupid question. Have you ever thought of having fun together instead?
He is a player, not good, trust me.
It depends, they all like different people, but not self-centered freaks like you.
I think that is fantastic, maybe you should make the first move.
If he turns you off, he is not worth it in the first place.
Well, just go up to her.
It is a good idea to always be honest. Besides, not many men I know do not like being told they are attractive.
They know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get tons of women.
Just face him and say, "Hey, I like you, do you want to see a movie?"
That is why they call it making love.
Smile to him once in a while, then he will know.
Most girls are polite and will answer it.
I would, you sound a lot like my best friend.
Say, "Hey, whatever his name is, when are you taking me to dinner?"
It really depends on the man, but I think most men really do not care.
If you want it to work out, it will.
If he does not want to dance, then give it up.
But you know what, I feel that the man should make the first move.
Without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty.
Take it from a military girl, wait!
You never know, they never show efection, only when they want something.
I am 49 years old and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with.
Do you mean to seem more sexy?
Go to deleted items and it should be there.
This is a red flag of how this man is. I wonder.
Maybe because your name is freakgirl, but if you show your face, maybe not. No hard feelings.
That would be so painful, trust me, I have been there and done that.
Do you love her in depth?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cellmate.
No, the only time you see a man emotional is when he is with his lady love.
Yes, I have done it and it was a lot of fun.
You have to let the person you are with know what you want.
Of course, if she calls five times a day about that, then it would be crazy.
Hang in there for one that appreciates you.
My mother books them all of the time at pat@alanatvl.com.
Besides, do you not think he has enough to worry about?
I have been dating a man who is younger than I am.
Men play at love to get sex, women play at sex to get love.
It has to be played out after a while.
Everyone likes to be told that they are attractive, even if they do not admit it.
Yes, but it depends on the man.
Maybe because you just think they look sexy when they are running on the field.
You are too young to be talking about kissing yet.
I will probably tell her soon because she is my best friend. Any help would be nice.
I agree with the other person before anyone gets hurt.
I am ready to move on, but I love him way too much!
Go out and do everything you could not do when you were with him or her.
Obviously, men are not much better.
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits?
Play a truth or dare game together.
He sounds like a manipulative jerk.
Slow down the pace maybe, Fourplay.
Death is like a big black bag full of crack, smack, or meth.
Practice kissing me, where do you live?
No, you will not. I was married to a complete arsehole.
It sounds like you really love her, so there is no need to forget about her.
Tell him that you just want to be friends and that you are disappointed that he would act so dumb.
It always finds a way to get out in the open, just do not do it.
What is with chest hair?
As of now, I think he is mad, hurt, upset, and over you.
Give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike.
No offense, but it kind of sounds like a girl's name, but no disrespect intended!
Be cool and ask her on a date.
After you take her out, get to know her and then go for the kill. Ask her on a date.
People do not like to be played with.
Practice unrapping starburst wrappers with your tongue, the girls love it!
I do not know, I just want the points.
That is not exactly true, it is just that most girls are discreet about it.
That depends on if you are a hottie with a body.
I told him it was too late. Other than that, I would not mind getting flowers sometimes.
Believe in is a strange way to put it.
Why can't men, or boys in your case, ever say the word love?
Just enjoy the age you are and do not worry about all this.
I am 19 years old, but I am interested in anything up to 30 years old.
I had a friend in the same situation.
Girls are just as perverted, trust me.
You should not go out with a man because you need to.
Dude, what you are saying is that she does not want to be more than a boyfriend and girlfriend?
Is it usually about a year before both people begin to feel comfortable and bored?
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife.
I think it is okay as long as you do not base your relationship on sex.
But some men would do that. Why?
If you are an average man, breast size should not matter.
Stay away from men who cannot say, "I like you."
Yes, ask for permission by all means and watch how fast she slaps the s--- out of you.
Honey, my husband likes me for me.
My mother also has cancer, and this just hits too close to home for me.
Be your best self, if he is impressed or likes you, he will talk back.
You do not want anyone else but that person.
Why don't you try chatting or seeing other men just to catch his reaction?
It is okay to kiss on the first date.
Men have a problem with secrets.
I had someone get nasty with me because I was still dating?
How do I just kiss him?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister and I want it to be perfect.
Unless it is with the wrong man.
